{"question": "Q: What are candles good for eliminating? Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) board (C) church (D) table (E) dark\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Candles are used for providing light, so they are good for eliminating darkness (E). They are also often used in religious ceremonies, so they can eliminate negative energy or bad spirits (C). They can also eliminate unpleasant odors, so they are good for eliminating bad smells on a shelf (A), a board (B), or a table (D). So, the best answer would be (E) dark. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The poor girls needed a light to see, what was the relationship between that light and finishing her homework? Answer Choices: (A) darkness (B) cumbersome (C) obesity (D) forceful (E) crucial\nA: Let's think step by step. The poor girls needed a light to see. Why did they need a light? Because they couldn't see in the darkness. So, the answer is (A) darkness. Now, what was the relationship between that light and finishing her homework? The light was crucial in helping the girls finish their homework. So, the answer is (E) crucial. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you need to use a lantern? Answer Choices: (A) grocery store (B) antique shop (C) house (D) dark place (E) street\nA: Let's think step by step. A lantern is a portable light source that typically uses a fuel source, such as oil or gas, to produce light. It is often used in situations where there is no electricity or in areas with limited lighting. Based on this information, we can eliminate options A, B, and C as they are all places that typically have electricity and lighting. This leaves us with options D and E. A dark place, such as a cave or a basement, would require a lantern to provide light. However, a street may also require a lantern if there are no streetlights or if there is a power outage. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) dark place or (E) street. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If I have a modern light source in my living room, what is it likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) sky (B) house (C) lamp (D) match (E) candle\nA: Let's think step by step. A modern light source is likely to be something that produces light. The sky is not a man-made object and does not produce light, so we can eliminate option (A). A house is a building and does not produce light, so we can eliminate option (B). A match and a candle are both traditional sources of light, but they are not considered modern, so we can eliminate options (D) and (E). This leaves us with option (C), a lamp, which is a common modern light source found in living rooms. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) lamp. The answer is C.\n\nQ: I'm having some food at my party, what will I need to serve it? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) pan (C) bowl (D) kitchen (E) spoon\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need a place to prepare and cook the food, so you will need a kitchen. Next, you will need something to cook the food in, so you will need a pan. Once the food is cooked, you will need something to serve it in, so you will need a bowl. Finally, you will need utensils to eat the food with, so you will need spoons. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spoon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What are candles good for eliminating? Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) board (C) church (D) table (E) dark\nA: Let's think step by step. Candles are used for providing light, so they are good for eliminating darkness (E). They are also often used in religious ceremonies, so they can eliminate negative energy or bad spirits (C). They can also eliminate unpleasant odors, so they are good for eliminating bad smells on a shelf (A), a board (B), or a table (D). So, the best answer would be (E) dark. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What are candles good for eliminating? Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) board (C) church (D) table (E) dark\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If there is a pond with trees around it, where it it likely located? Answer Choices: (A) ground (B) bathroom (C) forest (D) countryside (E) rural area\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that there is a pond with trees around it. This suggests that the location is a natural, outdoor area. This eliminates options (B) bathroom and (A) ground. Next, we know that there are trees around the pond, which suggests that it is located in a wooded area. This eliminates option (D) countryside, as this term typically refers to open, rural areas without many trees. This leaves us with option (C) forest and (E) rural area. Both of these options could be correct, as a pond with trees around it could be located in a forest or a rural area. However, without more context, it is difficult to determine which answer is the most correct. The answer is C or E.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where do all animals live? Answer Choices: (A) the moon (B) fairgrounds (C) surface of earth (D) meadow (E) zoos\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options A and B because animals cannot live on the moon or at fairgrounds. Next, we can eliminate option E because not all animals live in zoos. This leaves us with options C and D. While some animals may live in meadows, not all animals do. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) surface of earth. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous and can lead to serious head and what? Answer Choices: (A) going somewhere (B) splats (C) cancer (D) getting wet (E) spinal injuries\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous. This means that there is a risk of harm or injury involved. Next, we know that this can lead to serious head and what? The word \"and\" suggests that the second thing is related to the first thing. So, we can infer that the second thing is also a type of harm or injury that can result from diving into backyard pools. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) going somewhere does not make sense in this context. (B) splats is not a type of harm or injury. (C) cancer is a serious health condition, but it is not directly related to diving into backyard pools. (D) getting wet is not a type of harm or injury. (E) spinal injuries, on the other hand, are a type of harm or injury that can result from diving into backyard pools. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spinal injuries. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the main purpose of having a bath? Answer Choices: (A) cleanness (B) wetness (C) exfoliation (D) use water (E) hygiene\nA: Let's think step by step. What is the main purpose of having a bath? The main purpose of having a bath is to clean oneself. So, the correct answer is (A) cleanness. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The smelly man was having a bath, but what is he pursuing? Answer Choices: (A) hydration (B) being clear (C) personal cleanliness (D) will drown (E) use of water\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is having a bath, which means he is using water. The question asks what he is pursuing, which means what is his goal or intention. So, what is the purpose of using water in this situation? It is most likely for personal cleanliness, as taking a bath is a common way to clean oneself. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) personal cleanliness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a place that has a bench nestled in trees? Answer Choices: (A) state park (B) bus stop (C) bus depot (D) statue (E) train station\nA: Let's think step by step. A bench is usually a place for people to sit and rest. It is often found in parks, bus stops, and train stations. However, the word \"nestled\" suggests that the bench is hidden or surrounded by trees. This makes me think of a peaceful and secluded spot, which is more likely to be found in a state park rather than a busy bus depot or train station. Therefore, the best answer would be (A) state park. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where is a broadcast studio likely to be heard? Answer Choices: (A) microphone (B) arena (C) radio station (D) trees (E) town\nA: Let's think step by step. A broadcast studio is a place where radio or television programs are produced and recorded. So, it is not likely to be heard in a microphone, arena, trees, or town. The correct answer is (C) radio station, as this is where the programs are broadcasted to be heard by the public. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would one find a snake in a cage? Answer Choices: (A) tropical forest (B) oregon (C) woods (D) pet store (E) louisiana\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the snake is in a cage, so it is not in the wild. This eliminates options A, B, and C. Next, we know that the snake is in a cage, so it is likely being kept as a pet. This leaves us with option D, pet store, as the most likely answer. Option E, Louisiana, is also a possible answer as there may be snakes in cages at a zoo or animal sanctuary in Louisiana. However, without more context, it is difficult to determine which answer is the most correct. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you borrow furniture if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) sewer (B) neighbor's house (C) apartment (D) room (E) floor\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to borrow furniture. So, you need to find someone who has furniture that you can borrow. You can't borrow furniture from a sewer or a floor, so we can eliminate those options. You also can't borrow furniture from an apartment or a room, because those are just places and not people. That leaves us with the option of borrowing furniture from a neighbor's house. So, the correct answer is (B) neighbor's house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If there is a pond with trees around it, where it it likely located? Answer Choices: (A) ground (B) bathroom (C) forest (D) countryside (E) rural area\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Reading newspaper one of many ways to practice your what? Answer Choices: (A) literacy (B) knowing how to read (C) money (D) buying (E) money bank\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what it means to practice something. Practicing means to do something repeatedly in order to improve or maintain a skill. So, what skill are we trying to improve or maintain by reading a newspaper? We are trying to improve our literacy, or ability to read and write. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) literacy. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why is it hard for a young child to read a long book? Answer Choices: (A) knowledge (B) cover (C) no pictures (D) past (E) many words\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what makes reading a long book difficult for a young child. Is it because they don't have enough knowledge? No, that can't be it. Children are constantly learning and absorbing new information. Is it because of the cover of the book? No, that doesn't make sense either. The cover of a book doesn't affect a child's ability to read it. Is it because there are no pictures? Yes, that could be a factor. Pictures can help young children understand and engage with the story. Is it because of the past? No, that doesn't seem relevant. Finally, is it because there are too many words? Yes, that is a likely reason. Young children may struggle with reading long books because they are still building their reading skills and may become overwhelmed by a large amount of text. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) many words. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What skill is needed for riding a bike? Answer Choices: (A) wheels (B) feet (C) pedalling (D) practice (E) good balance\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need a bike with wheels. Then, you need to use your feet to push off the ground and start moving. But what keeps the bike moving? That's right, pedalling! So, we can eliminate options A and B. Now, let's think about what helps you stay upright and not fall off the bike. That's where good balance comes in. And how do you get good balance? By practicing! So, the correct answer is (E) good balance. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you're reading a newspaper from another country what are you doing? Answer Choices: (A) learning about world (B) education (C) get angry (D) concern (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a newspaper? A newspaper is a publication that contains news, articles, and advertisements. It is usually printed on large sheets of paper and distributed daily or weekly. Now, what does it mean to read a newspaper? Reading a newspaper means to look at the words and images on the paper and understand their meaning. So, if you're reading a newspaper from another country, you are looking at the words and images on the paper and trying to understand their meaning. This means that you are learning about the world. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) learning about the world. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The child pretended he was reading newspaper, he couldn't actually do it without what? Answer Choices: (A) patience (B) falling down (C) literacy (D) buying (E) knowing how to read\nA: Let's think step by step. The child pretended he was reading a newspaper. This means he was pretending to read. However, he couldn't actually do it. This means he wasn't actually reading. So, what does he need in order to actually read? He needs to know how to read. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) knowing how to read. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When a human is earning money, where are they often found? Answer Choices: (A) deep thought (B) park (C) friend's house (D) place of work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. When a human is earning money, it means they are working. So, where do people usually work? The answer is (D) place of work. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Lawyers often talk in front of an audience where? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) courtroom (C) office building (D) press charges (E) theatre\nA: Let's think step by step. Lawyers are professionals who represent clients in court. So, where do lawyers usually work? They work in a courtroom. So, the answer is (B) courtroom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) cookie (C) stock market (D) real estate (E) treasure chest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man came from old money and had a fortune. This means that he was already wealthy. Next, we know that he made new money. This means that he increased his wealth. How did he do this? By making shrewd trades. This means that he was smart and strategic in his business dealings. Now, we need to figure out where he made these trades. The answer choices are: (A) eat cake, (B) cookie, (C) stock market, (D) real estate, and (E) treasure chest. We can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not logical places to make trades. Option (E) is also unlikely because a treasure chest is not a common place for business transactions. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). The stock market is a common place for people to make trades and increase their wealth, so this is the most likely answer. Real estate is also a possibility, but it is less likely because it is not explicitly mentioned in the sentence. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stock market. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you put a dollar if you want to go to a store and buy something with it? Answer Choices: (A) cash drawer (B) teh bank (C) safety deposit box (D) pocket (E) piggy bank\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to take the dollar out of your pocket or piggy bank. Then, you would need to bring it with you to the store. Once you are at the store, you would give the dollar to the cashier in exchange for the item you want to buy. So, the correct answer would be (D) pocket. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Reading newspaper one of many ways to practice your what? Answer Choices: (A) literacy (B) knowing how to read (C) money (D) buying (E) money bank\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer Choices: (A) carved (B) melted (C) ice cream (D) antarctica (E) sculptured\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, ice is a solid form of water. When it is exposed to sunlight, it absorbs the heat and starts to warm up. As it warms up, it begins to melt and turn into liquid water. So, the correct answer is (B) melted. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do young boys do on the ice in the winter? Answer Choices: (A) ski (B) play hockey (C) summer (D) knit (E) warm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what ice is. Ice is a solid form of water that is frozen at a temperature of 0 degrees Celsius or 32 degrees Fahrenheit. So, what do young boys do on the ice in the winter? They can't swim or go boating like they might do in the summer. They also can't knit or warm themselves up on the ice. That leaves us with two options: ski or play hockey. While skiing is a popular winter activity, it is more commonly associated with adults or families. Young boys are more likely to play hockey on the ice in the winter. So, the correct answer is (B) play hockey. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer Choices: (A) carved (B) melted (C) ice cream (D) antarctica (E) sculptured\nA: Let's think step by step. First, ice is a solid form of water. When it is exposed to sunlight, it absorbs the heat and starts to warm up. As it warms up, it begins to melt and turn into liquid water. So, the correct answer is (B) melted. The answer is B.\n\nQ: John knew that the sun produced a massive amount of energy in two forms.  If you were on the surface of the sun, what would kill you first? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) heat (C) life on earth (D) wrinkles (E) light\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the sun produces a massive amount of energy in two forms. These two forms are heat and light. So, we can eliminate options (A) ocean, (C) life on earth, and (D) wrinkles because they are not related to the energy produced by the sun. This leaves us with options (B) heat and (E) light. Now, if you were on the surface of the sun, you would be exposed to extreme heat and intense light. However, heat is a more immediate danger as it can cause severe burns and damage to your body. On the other hand, light may cause damage over time, but it would not kill you instantly. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) heat. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What kind of path do comets tend to have? Answer Choices: (A) ice (B) set orbits (C) universe (D) space (E) solid nucleus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a comet? A comet is a small, icy object that orbits the sun. Next, what is a path? A path is the route or course that something follows. So, what kind of path do comets tend to have? Comets tend to have set orbits, meaning they follow a specific path around the sun. This is because they are affected by the gravitational pull of the sun and other planets, which keeps them in a relatively stable orbit. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) set orbits. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The water in clouds turn in to what when it gets cold? Answer Choices: (A) typhoon (B) snowflake (C) laddle (D) teardrops (E) sink\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the water in clouds is in the form of tiny droplets. When it gets cold, these droplets start to freeze and form ice crystals. These ice crystals then stick together and become heavier, eventually falling to the ground as snowflakes. So, the correct answer is (B) snowflake. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer Choices: (A) carved (B) melted (C) ice cream (D) antarctica (E) sculptured\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: James loved to surf but he wasn't good at it. He would always do what? Answer Choices: (A) wipe out (B) enjoy yourself (C) start fighting (D) get wet (E) drown\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. James loves to surf, but he isn't good at it. This means that he often falls off his surfboard and into the water. So, what does he always do? He always wipes out. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) wipe out. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The landscaper was carefully arching stones together, he was creating an elaborate what over the creek? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) made from rocks (C) balloon (D) field (E) bridge\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the landscaper is arching stones together. This means that he is arranging the stones in a curved shape. Next, he is creating something over the creek. This means that he is building something that goes over the creek. So, the correct answer is (E) bridge. The landscaper is creating an elaborate bridge over the creek. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man started to learn jogging, what was he hoping to do? Answer Choices: (A) exhaustion (B) getting in shape (C) fitness (D) injure himself (E) fatigue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man started to learn jogging. This means he is trying to learn how to jog. Why would someone want to learn how to jog? Jogging is a form of exercise, so perhaps he wants to exercise. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) exhaustion and (E) fatigue both mean being very tired, so these are not the correct answers. (D) injure himself is the opposite of what someone would want to do when learning a new activity, so this is not the correct answer either. This leaves us with (B) getting in shape and (C) fitness. Both of these answers are related to improving one's physical health and well-being, which is a common reason for starting to jog. However, (B) getting in shape is a more specific and direct answer, so it is the best choice. Therefore, the man was hoping to get in shape by learning how to jog. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What might you need to do cleaning? Answer Choices: (A) sing a song (B) neatness (C) allergies (D) healthy living (E) using water\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to gather all the necessary cleaning supplies such as a broom, mop, vacuum, cleaning solutions, and rags. Then, you may need to put on gloves and a mask if you have allergies or want to protect your hands from harsh chemicals. Next, you may need to play some music or sing a song to make the cleaning process more enjoyable. You will also need to have a neat and organized space to work in. Finally, you will need to use water to clean surfaces and rinse off cleaning solutions. So, the correct answer would be (E) using water. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The smelly man was having a bath, but what is he pursuing? Answer Choices: (A) hydration (B) being clear (C) personal cleanliness (D) will drown (E) use of water\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is having a bath, which means he is using water. The question asks what he is pursuing, which means what is his goal or intention. So, what is the purpose of using water in this situation? It is most likely for personal cleanliness, as taking a bath is a common way to clean oneself. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) personal cleanliness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sean was leaving work and took the roadway that led to his what? Answer Choices: (A) neighborhood (B) city (C) fate (D) countryside (E) maps\nA: Let's think step by step. Sean was leaving work. So, he was at work. Then, he took the roadway. So, he was on the roadway. The roadway led to his...? The answer is (A) neighborhood. The answer is A.\n\nQ: In the building where James worked there was a small mezzanine in the auditorium to make more space for seats.  Where might James work? Answer Choices: (A) theater (B) floors (C) concert hall (D) education (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. James works in a building. The building has an auditorium. In the auditorium, there is a small mezzanine. The purpose of the mezzanine is to make more space for seats. Based on this information, we can infer that James works in a place where there are performances or events that require an auditorium. This could be a theater, concert hall, or school. However, since the mezzanine was built to make more space for seats, it is more likely that James works in a theater or concert hall where there are larger audiences. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) theater or (C) concert hall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A human wants to submerge himself in water, what should he use? Answer Choices: (A) whirlpool bath (B) coffee cup (C) cup (D) soft drink (E) puddle\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find something that can hold water. A whirlpool bath, cup, and soft drink can all hold water, but a coffee cup and puddle are too small. Next, we need to find something that a human can fit into. A whirlpool bath is the only option that is big enough for a human to submerge themselves in. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) whirlpool bath. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: James loved to surf but he wasn't good at it. He would always do what? Answer Choices: (A) wipe out (B) enjoy yourself (C) start fighting (D) get wet (E) drown\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: He was trying to procreate with many individuals, this led to a what? Answer Choices: (A) moaning (B) die (C) kiss (D) std (E) sanity\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. He was trying to procreate with many individuals. This means he was having sex with many people. What can happen when someone has sex with many people? They can contract a sexually transmitted disease (STD). So the correct answer is (D) std. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Why do young people swallow semen ? Answer Choices: (A) you're into (B) prostitute (C) you're curious (D) curiosity (E) heterosexual woman in love\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that not all young people swallow semen. It is a personal choice and not all young people engage in this behavior. So, the answer choices that mention \"you\" or \"you're\" are not accurate. Option B, \"prostitute,\" is also not accurate as it assumes that all young people who swallow semen are engaging in sex work, which is not true. Option E, \"heterosexual woman in love,\" is also not accurate as it assumes that only heterosexual women in love would engage in this behavior, which is not true. That leaves us with options C and D, \"you're curious\" and \"curiosity.\" These options are more accurate as they suggest that young people may be curious about their sexuality and may want to explore different sexual behaviors, including swallowing semen. However, it is important to note that this is not the only reason why young people may engage in this behavior. Some may also do it because they enjoy it or because their partner enjoys it. Ultimately, the reasons for why young people swallow semen vary and cannot be generalized. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He was trying to procreate with many individuals, this led to a what? Answer Choices: (A) moaning (B) die (C) kiss (D) std (E) sanity\nA: Let's think step by step. He was trying to procreate with many individuals. This means he was having sex with many people. What can happen when someone has sex with many people? They can contract a sexually transmitted disease (STD). So the correct answer is (D) std. The answer is D.\n\nQ: It was a long trip from the farm, so he stayed in a hotel when he arrived at the what? Answer Choices: (A) bed away from home (B) wwii bunker (C) resort (D) las vegas (E) city\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he was on a farm. Then, he took a trip. Finally, he arrived at a place where he stayed. What kind of place would he stay at after a long trip? A hotel! So, the correct answer is (E) city. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: He was trying to procreate with many individuals, this led to a what? Answer Choices: (A) moaning (B) die (C) kiss (D) std (E) sanity\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Jan tested the current, and noticed that it was high.  He thought that the wires might have too much what? Answer Choices: (A) later (B) updated (C) still (D) resistance (E) now\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "1. Jan tested the current. 2. He noticed that it was high. 3. He thought that the wires might have too much resistance. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) resistance. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: If you're seeking a connection for your laptop, what are you trying to hook up with? Answer Choices: (A) computer network (B) electrical circuit (C) lineage (D) company (E) wall\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you're seeking a connection. What do you need a connection for? You need a connection to access the internet. So, what do you need to connect to the internet? You need a computer network. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) computer network. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The low trickle of water revealed a stone, where was the stone found? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) gallbladder (C) driveway (D) river bed (E) creek bed\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the low trickle of water revealed a stone. This means that the stone was hidden or covered by the water. Next, we know that the water was a low trickle, which means it was a small amount of water. This tells us that the stone was not in a large body of water, like an ocean or a river. Instead, it was likely in a smaller body of water, like a creek or a stream. Finally, we know that the stone was revealed, or uncovered, by the water. This means that the stone was likely at the bottom of the water, and the water had to move or flow in order to reveal it. Based on all of this information, the best answer is (E) creek bed. The answer is E.\n\nQ: After working on the car, what did it end up doing? Answer Choices: (A) going too fast (B) last several years (C) honk the horn (D) go fast (E) start running\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what the car was doing before it was worked on. The passage doesn't mention anything about the car's condition before it was worked on, so we can't assume anything. Next, we need to think about what the car was worked on for. The passage doesn't mention anything about the car being worked on to make it go faster, so we can eliminate answer choices (A) and (D). The passage also doesn't mention anything about the car being worked on to make it last longer, so we can eliminate answer choice (B). The passage also doesn't mention anything about the car's horn, so we can eliminate answer choice (C). That leaves us with answer choice (E), which says the car started running. This makes sense because if the car wasn't running before it was worked on, then the goal of working on it would be to make it start running again. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) start running. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do people do when networking? Answer Choices: (A) build trust (B) hurry home (C) ignore people (D) believe in god (E) jump to conclusions\nA: Let's think step by step. When people are networking, they are typically trying to make connections and build relationships with others. This involves actively engaging with others, listening to their stories and experiences, and sharing their own. So, the answer is (A) build trust. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Jan tested the current, and noticed that it was high.  He thought that the wires might have too much what? Answer Choices: (A) later (B) updated (C) still (D) resistance (E) now\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Jan tested the current. 2. He noticed that it was high. 3. He thought that the wires might have too much resistance. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) resistance. The answer is D.\n\nQ: There was more than one bum asking for change or a ticket, it was the cheapest way to travel so it was no surprise sight at the what? Answer Choices: (A) train station (B) beach (C) bus depot (D) bridge (E) stumblebum\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The sentence mentions \"the cheapest way to travel,\" which suggests that the location is a transportation hub. 2. The sentence also mentions \"asking for change or a ticket,\" which suggests that the location is a place where people can buy tickets or board a mode of transportation. 3. The sentence mentions \"more than one bum,\" which suggests that the location is a public place where people can gather. 4. Putting all of these clues together, the most likely answer is (C) bus depot. This is a place where people can buy bus tickets and board buses, it is a transportation hub, and it is a public place where people can gather. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Why did the heavy metal band need electricity at the stadium? Answer Choices: (A) concert (B) bedroom (C) make person sick (D) building (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the heavy metal band is performing at a stadium. This means that they are most likely having a concert. So, the answer is (A) concert. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Metal is taken from what which is pulled from the ground? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) instruments (C) ore (D) car (E) junkyard\nA: Let's think step by step. Metal is taken from what? It is taken from the ground. What is in the ground? Dirt, instruments, ore, cars, and junkyards are all found in the ground, but only one of these options is a source of metal. Do you know which one? It is ore. Ore is a type of rock that contains metal. So, the correct answer is (C) ore. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures, what was he looking for? Answer Choices: (A) checkers (B) barrels (C) baking soda (D) buffalo (E) salt\nA: Let's think step by step. The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures. This means that the pioneer needed something to store items in. Now, let's look at the answer choices. Checkers, baking soda, and buffalo are all items that would not be used for storage. This leaves us with barrels and salt. Barrels are commonly used for storage, so this is the most likely answer. Salt can also be used for storage, but it is not typically referred to as a \"storage measure.\" Therefore, the correct answer is (B) barrels. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Jan tested the current, and noticed that it was high.  He thought that the wires might have too much what? Answer Choices: (A) later (B) updated (C) still (D) resistance (E) now\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is the thing that is agitated in your head when kissing? Answer Choices: (A) sexual stimulation (B) herpes (C) headache (D) catch cold (E) happiness\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about something that is agitated in your head when kissing. This means that it is something that is affected or disturbed by the act of kissing. Next, we can eliminate options (B) herpes and (D) catch cold because they are not related to the act of kissing. Option (C) headache could potentially be caused by kissing, but it is not the thing that is agitated. This leaves us with options (A) sexual stimulation and (E) happiness. While both of these options could be affected by kissing, the most likely answer is (A) sexual stimulation, as it is a physical response to the act of kissing. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is hard to read note likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) fridge (B) sheet music (C) desk (D) bed (E) medical chart\nA: Let's think step by step. A hard to read note is likely to be in a place where it is not easily accessible or visible. It could also be in a place where it is not meant to be read by others. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (E) medical chart. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How might releasing energy that has built up feel? Answer Choices: (A) damage (B) wonderful (C) exhaustion (D) orgasm (E) lazy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that energy has built up. This means that there is a lot of energy that has been stored or accumulated. Next, we know that this energy is being released. This means that the energy is being let go or set free. So, how might releasing this energy feel? It could feel wonderful, as the person may feel a sense of relief or release. It could also feel like an orgasm, as the release of energy can be pleasurable. However, it could also feel like exhaustion, as the body may have been holding onto this energy for a long time and now needs to rest. It could also feel lazy, as the person may feel a sense of relaxation or lethargy after expending this energy. It is unlikely to feel like damage, as releasing energy is typically a natural and healthy process. So, the best answer choices would be (B) wonderful, (D) orgasm, (C) exhaustion, or (E) lazy. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Kissing is normally an activity reserved for your romantic what? Answer Choices: (A) anus (B) partner (C) arousal (D) trust (E) cooperation\nA: Let's think step by step. Kissing is an activity. It is reserved for someone. It is reserved for someone who is romantic. So, kissing is normally an activity reserved for your romantic partner. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The newlyweds began copulating their marriage, they wanted many what? Answer Choices: (A) babies (B) odors (C) sadness (D) rapport (E) ejaculation\nA: Let's think step by step. The newlyweds began copulating their marriage. This means that they started having sex after getting married. So, what do newlyweds usually want after getting married? They usually want to start a family and have children. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) babies. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When a main artery is used to expedite travel what would it be referred to as? Answer Choices: (A) neck (B) busy city (C) own brain (D) thruway (E) food\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The question is asking for a term that refers to a main artery used for travel. 2. The term \"artery\" is often used to describe a major road or highway that connects different areas. 3. The word \"expedite\" means to make something happen faster or more efficiently. 4. Putting these together, the answer would be (D) thruway, as it is a term commonly used to describe a major highway or road that allows for faster travel between different areas. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is a treat that you dog will enjoy? Answer Choices: (A) salad (B) petted (C) affection (D) bone (E) lots of attention\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking for a treat that a dog will enjoy. So, we can eliminate options (A) salad and (B) petted because they are not typically considered treats for dogs. Next, we can eliminate option (C) affection because while dogs do enjoy affection, it is not typically considered a treat. This leaves us with options (D) bone and (E) lots of attention. Both of these options could be considered treats for dogs, but option (D) bone is a more specific and common treat for dogs. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) bone. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you get a toothpick if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) box (B) grocery store (C) eyes (D) chewing (E) mouth\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where toothpicks are commonly found. A box could potentially contain toothpicks, but it depends on what type of box it is. A grocery store is a more likely place to find toothpicks, as they are often sold in the household goods section. Eyes and chewing are not logical options for obtaining a toothpick. The mouth could potentially be used to hold a toothpick, but it is not a place to get one. Therefore, the best answer is (B) grocery store. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What is the thing that is agitated in your head when kissing? Answer Choices: (A) sexual stimulation (B) herpes (C) headache (D) catch cold (E) happiness\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: From where do aliens arrive? Answer Choices: (A) outer space (B) weekly world news (C) roswell (D) universe (E) mars\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that aliens are beings from other planets. This means that they do not come from Earth. So, we can eliminate options B and C, as they are related to Earth. Next, we know that outer space is a vast expanse that includes all of the planets, stars, and galaxies. So, it is possible that aliens could come from outer space. However, the universe is even larger than outer space, as it includes everything in existence. So, it is also possible that aliens could come from the universe. Lastly, Mars is a planet in our solar system, so it is a part of outer space. Therefore, the most accurate answer would be A) outer space or D) universe. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Children's behavior is a direct reflection of their what? Answer Choices: (A) parents (B) old people (C) play ball (D) many adults (E) grown ups\nA: Let's think step by step. Children's behavior is a direct reflection of their parents. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you're reading a newspaper from another country what are you doing? Answer Choices: (A) learning about world (B) education (C) get angry (D) concern (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a newspaper? A newspaper is a publication that contains news, articles, and advertisements. It is usually printed on large sheets of paper and distributed daily or weekly. Now, what does it mean to read a newspaper? Reading a newspaper means to look at the words and images on the paper and understand their meaning. So, if you're reading a newspaper from another country, you are looking at the words and images on the paper and trying to understand their meaning. This means that you are learning about the world. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) learning about the world. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If someone rules the universe of what are they in charge? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) football game (C) everything (D) text book (E) lawbook\nA: Let's think step by step. If someone rules the universe, they are in charge of everything in the universe. So, the correct answer is (C) everything. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If a house has a subscription, what likely shows up in the driveway every morning? Answer Choices: (A) subdivision (B) newspaper (C) street (D) laundry mat (E) surface of earth\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The question mentions a house with a subscription. This means that the house has signed up for a regular delivery or service. 2. The question also mentions something showing up in the driveway every morning. This means that the delivery or service is happening on a daily basis. 3. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (B) newspaper. Many people have newspaper subscriptions and receive a daily newspaper delivery to their driveway. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What happens to a dog before someone puts up posters of them? Answer Choices: (A) get lost (B) require water (C) trained (D) bark (E) roll over\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the dog would have to get lost in order for someone to put up posters of them. So the correct answer is (A) get lost. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Bill puts meat on the scale, where does Bill work? Answer Choices: (A) music store (B) assay office (C) tidal wave (D) butcher shop (E) bathroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, Bill puts meat on the scale. This means that Bill is handling meat, which is a type of food. Next, we need to think about where someone would handle and sell food. A music store, assay office, tidal wave, and bathroom are all unlikely places for someone to handle and sell food. However, a butcher shop is a place where people work with and sell meat. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) butcher shop. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The teens were trying to hide that they get drink, but when they walked in the door their what gave it away? Answer Choices: (A) health (B) fall down (C) stagger (D) get arrested (E) vomit\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The teens were trying to hide that they get drink. So, they were trying to hide that they were drinking alcohol. But, when they walked in the door, something gave it away. This means that something revealed or exposed the fact that they were drinking. So, what could have revealed this? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) health doesn't make sense because it doesn't reveal anything about drinking. (B) fall down could be a sign of being drunk, but it doesn't necessarily reveal that they were drinking. (C) stagger means to walk unsteadily, which could be a sign of being drunk. This could be a possible answer. (D) get arrested doesn't make sense because it's not something that would happen immediately upon walking in the door. (E) vomit is a clear sign of being drunk, so this could also be a possible answer. So, the answer could be either (C) stagger or (E) vomit. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A child wants to play, what would they likely want? Answer Choices: (A) fall down (B) breathe (C) play tag (D) be dismembered by a chainsaw (E) become adult\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options B and E because they are not related to playing. Next, we can eliminate option D because it is violent and not a typical desire for a child. This leaves us with options A and C. While children may enjoy falling down, it is not typically something they actively seek out. Therefore, the most likely answer is C) play tag. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The lady would eat and eat, and because of mental issues would then make herself what? Answer Choices: (A) wash dishes (B) throwing up (C) drinking (D) throw up (E) turn inside out\nA: Let's think step by step. The lady would eat and eat, and because of mental issues would then make herself... what? The lady would eat and eat, so she would be full. But because of her mental issues, she would then make herself... what? She would make herself do something that would help her feel better. So, what could she do to feel better after eating too much? She could make herself throw up. This is a common behavior in people with eating disorders. So, the correct answer is (D) throw up. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The teens were trying to hide that they get drink, but when they walked in the door their what gave it away? Answer Choices: (A) health (B) fall down (C) stagger (D) get arrested (E) vomit\nA: Let's think step by step. The teens were trying to hide that they get drink. So, they were trying to hide that they were drinking alcohol. But, when they walked in the door, something gave it away. This means that something revealed or exposed the fact that they were drinking. So, what could have revealed this? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) health doesn't make sense because it doesn't reveal anything about drinking. (B) fall down could be a sign of being drunk, but it doesn't necessarily reveal that they were drinking. (C) stagger means to walk unsteadily, which could be a sign of being drunk. This could be a possible answer. (D) get arrested doesn't make sense because it's not something that would happen immediately upon walking in the door. (E) vomit is a clear sign of being drunk, so this could also be a possible answer. So, the answer could be either (C) stagger or (E) vomit. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work, but once he got to his destination he balled it up and put it somewhere. Where did it put it? Answer Choices: (A) trash (B) floor (C) subway (D) ground (E) lawn\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work. This means that he was holding the newspaper in his hands while he was on his way to work. 2. Once he got to his destination, he balled it up. This means that he crumpled the newspaper into a ball. 3. Finally, he put it somewhere. This means that he placed the balled up newspaper in a specific location. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The teacher played on the upright piano, she was explaining the song to all the students in the what? Answer Choices: (A) music room (B) bathroom (C) house (D) living room (E) music store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the teacher is playing on an upright piano. This suggests that she is in a room with a piano, so we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Next, she is explaining the song to all the students. This suggests that she is in a room with students, so we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with option A, the music room, as the most likely answer. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?. Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) soccer game (C) keg (D) can (E) refrigerator\nA: Let's think step by step. Batman bought beer. So, he went to a store or a bar to buy beer. Then, we are told that there were no bottles available. This means that the store or bar did not have any bottles of beer for Batman to buy. So, he had to settle for something else. Out of the answer choices, the only one that makes sense is (D) can. This is because a can is another type of container for beer, similar to a bottle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. (A) shelf is a place where items are stored, not a type of container for beer. (B) soccer game is an event, not a type of container for beer. (C) keg is a large barrel used to store and dispense beer, not a type of container for beer. (E) refrigerator is a household appliance used to keep food and drinks cold, not a type of container for beer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) can. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The teens were trying to hide that they get drink, but when they walked in the door their what gave it away? Answer Choices: (A) health (B) fall down (C) stagger (D) get arrested (E) vomit\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Humans need shelter to survive.  They usually find shelter where? Answer Choices: (A) underpass (B) homes (C) workplace (D) school (E) space shuttle\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that humans need shelter to survive. This means that they need a place to live and protect themselves from the elements. Next, we can eliminate options (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where people live. Option (A) is a possibility, but it is not a permanent or ideal solution for shelter. This leaves us with option (B), homes, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time? Answer Choices: (A) shelter (B) floor (C) warm place (D) farmhouse (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the kitten's mother is a mouser, meaning she is good at catching mice. Next, we know that the kitten is going to grow up to be a mouser like its mother. So, where would the kitten need to spend most of its time in order to learn how to be a good mouser? The best answer would be (D) farmhouse, as this is where the mother would most likely be catching mice and the kitten could observe and learn from her. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How are the conditions for someone who is living in a homeless shelter? Answer Choices: (A) sometimes bad (B) happy (C) respiration (D) growing older (E) death\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person is living in a homeless shelter, which means they do not have a permanent home. This can be a difficult and uncertain situation, so we can eliminate answer choices (B) happy and (D) growing older. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (E) death because the person is still alive and living in a shelter. This leaves us with answer choices (A) sometimes bad and (C) respiration. While we cannot definitively say that the conditions are always bad, we can assume that they are not ideal and may be difficult at times. Therefore, the best answer choice is (A) sometimes bad. Answer choice (C) respiration does not make sense in this context and can be eliminated. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The kids didn't clean up after they had done what? Answer Choices: (A) learn things (B) play games (C) disneyland (D) play with toys (E) talking\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the kids did something. Then, they didn't clean up. So, what could they have done that would require cleaning up afterwards? The answer is (D) play with toys. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you have a stove if you don't live in a detached dwelling? Answer Choices: (A) tent (B) car (C) living room (D) friend's house (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a stove is. A stove is a kitchen appliance used for cooking food. It usually consists of an oven and burners on top for cooking on pots and pans. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A tent is not a suitable place for a stove as it is a temporary shelter and does not have a proper kitchen setup. A car is also not a suitable place for a stove as it is a small and confined space. A living room is a common area in a house, but it is not a suitable place for a stove as it is not a designated kitchen area. A friend's house could be a possibility, but it would depend on whether they have a stove and if they are willing to let you use it. The most suitable answer would be an apartment. An apartment is a type of housing that is attached to other units and typically has a designated kitchen area with a stove. Therefore, if you don't live in a detached dwelling, you would most likely have a stove in your apartment. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What would you be building if you designed a place for an annoying critter to stay? Answer Choices: (A) spread disease (B) swamp (C) fly away (D) cat condo (E) bug campers\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is for an annoying critter to stay. This means that the place should be designed to keep the critter contained and prevent it from bothering others. Next, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not fit this purpose. Option (C) does not make sense in this context. Option (D) could work, but it seems more like a place for a pet cat to stay rather than an annoying critter. This leaves us with option (E), bug campers. This could be a suitable option because it implies a small, contained space for the critter to stay in, while also acknowledging that it is a temporary residence. Therefore, the answer is (E) bug campers. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you borrow furniture if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) sewer (B) neighbor's house (C) apartment (D) room (E) floor\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to borrow furniture. So, you need to find someone who has furniture that you can borrow. You can't borrow furniture from a sewer or a floor, so we can eliminate those options. You also can't borrow furniture from an apartment or a room, because those are just places and not people. That leaves us with the option of borrowing furniture from a neighbor's house. So, the correct answer is (B) neighbor's house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Humans need shelter to survive.  They usually find shelter where? Answer Choices: (A) underpass (B) homes (C) workplace (D) school (E) space shuttle\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: A beaver is know for building prowess, their supplies come from where? Answer Choices: (A) british columbia (B) body of water (C) wooded area (D) pay debts (E) zoo\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that beavers are known for their building prowess. This means that they are skilled at building things. Next, we know that their supplies come from somewhere. This means that they need materials to build with. So, where do beavers get their supplies? The answer choices are: (A) British Columbia, (B) body of water, (C) wooded area, (D) pay debts, and (E) zoo. Out of these options, the most logical answer is (C) wooded area. Beavers are known for building dams and lodges out of sticks, branches, and mud. These materials can be found in wooded areas, making it the most likely source for their supplies. (B) body of water could also be a possible answer, as beavers use water to help them transport materials and build their structures. However, (C) wooded area is a more specific and accurate answer. (A) British Columbia is a location, not a source of supplies. (D) pay debts and (E) zoo are not relevant to beavers and their building prowess. Therefore, the best answer is (C) wooded area. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where does a heifer's master live? Answer Choices: (A) farm house (B) barnyard (C) stockyard (D) slaughter house (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a heifer? A heifer is a young female cow that has not yet had a calf. So, where do cows live? Cows typically live on a farm. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) farm house - This could be a possible answer, as the farmer who owns the heifer may live in a farm house on the same property. (B) barnyard - This is also a possible answer, as cows often live in a barn or barnyard on a farm. (C) stockyard - This is less likely, as a stockyard is a place where livestock are kept temporarily before being sold or transported. (D) slaughter house - This is not a likely answer, as a heifer is not typically kept in a slaughter house. (E) eat cake - This is not a relevant answer, as it does not relate to the question. So, the most likely answer is (A) farm house or (B) barnyard. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do young boys do on the ice in the winter? Answer Choices: (A) ski (B) play hockey (C) summer (D) knit (E) warm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what ice is. Ice is a solid form of water that is frozen at a temperature of 0 degrees Celsius or 32 degrees Fahrenheit. So, what do young boys do on the ice in the winter? They can't swim or go boating like they might do in the summer. They also can't knit or warm themselves up on the ice. That leaves us with two options: ski or play hockey. While skiing is a popular winter activity, it is more commonly associated with adults or families. Young boys are more likely to play hockey on the ice in the winter. So, the correct answer is (B) play hockey. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do people do for food? Answer Choices: (A) talk to each other (B) complete job (C) wear hats (D) kill animals (E) believe in god\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what food is. Food is something that people eat to provide nourishment and energy for their bodies. So, what do people do for food? They eat it! Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) talk to each other - While people may talk to each other while eating, talking is not the main action people do for food. (B) complete job - Completing a job may provide people with money to buy food, but it is not the main action people do for food. (C) wear hats - Wearing hats has nothing to do with food. (D) kill animals - This is a possible answer. People may hunt or raise animals for food. (E) believe in god - Believing in god may provide people with spiritual nourishment, but it is not directly related to food. So, the best answer is (D) kill animals. The answer is D.\n\nQ: During the winter hunt he could hear every motion in the woods, this was because of the what of everything? Answer Choices: (A) being still (B) silence (C) stationary (D) stillness (E) standing still\nA: Let's think step by step. The sentence says \"During the winter hunt he could hear every motion in the woods\". This means that the person was able to hear every movement or sound in the woods. Now, the sentence also says \"this was because of the what of everything?\". This means that there was something that caused the person to be able to hear every motion in the woods. So, what could that be? The answer choices are: (A) being still, (B) silence, (C) stationary, (D) stillness, and (E) standing still. Out of these options, the best answer is (D) stillness. This is because stillness means the absence of movement or sound, which would allow the person to hear every motion in the woods. Being still, standing still, and stationary all imply a lack of movement, but stillness specifically refers to the absence of sound as well. Silence could also be a possible answer, but stillness is a more specific and accurate choice in this context. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) stillness. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is a place that has a bench nestled in trees? Answer Choices: (A) state park (B) bus stop (C) bus depot (D) statue (E) train station\nA: Let's think step by step. A bench is usually a place for people to sit and rest. It is often found in parks, bus stops, and train stations. However, the word \"nestled\" suggests that the bench is hidden or surrounded by trees. This makes me think of a peaceful and secluded spot, which is more likely to be found in a state park rather than a busy bus depot or train station. Therefore, the best answer would be (A) state park. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A loud machine is irritating, but many are expected where? Answer Choices: (A) museum (B) house (C) laboratory (D) library (E) industrial area\nA: Let's think step by step. A loud machine is irritating. So, we can eliminate (A) museum, (B) house, (D) library. Because these places are not expected to have loud machines. Now, we are left with (C) laboratory and (E) industrial area. A laboratory is a place where experiments are conducted, so it is not expected to have loud machines. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) industrial area. The answer is E.\n\nQ: A beaver is know for building prowess, their supplies come from where? Answer Choices: (A) british columbia (B) body of water (C) wooded area (D) pay debts (E) zoo\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that beavers are known for their building prowess. This means that they are skilled at building things. Next, we know that their supplies come from somewhere. This means that they need materials to build with. So, where do beavers get their supplies? The answer choices are: (A) British Columbia, (B) body of water, (C) wooded area, (D) pay debts, and (E) zoo. Out of these options, the most logical answer is (C) wooded area. Beavers are known for building dams and lodges out of sticks, branches, and mud. These materials can be found in wooded areas, making it the most likely source for their supplies. (B) body of water could also be a possible answer, as beavers use water to help them transport materials and build their structures. However, (C) wooded area is a more specific and accurate answer. (A) British Columbia is a location, not a source of supplies. (D) pay debts and (E) zoo are not relevant to beavers and their building prowess. Therefore, the best answer is (C) wooded area. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you get some wood if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) carpet (B) boat (C) river (D) lumberyard (E) synagogue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what wood is. Wood is a natural material that comes from trees. So, we need to find a place where there are trees. Let's look at the answer choices. A) Carpet - This is not a place where we can find trees or wood. B) Boat - This is also not a place where we can find trees or wood. C) River - While there may be trees near a river, it is not a reliable source for getting wood. D) Lumberyard - This is the best answer choice because a lumberyard is a place where wood is sold and stored. E) Synagogue - This is a place of worship and does not have anything to do with finding wood. So, the correct answer is (D) lumberyard. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A beaver is know for building prowess, their supplies come from where? Answer Choices: (A) british columbia (B) body of water (C) wooded area (D) pay debts (E) zoo\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: David watched some nesting birds using his binoculars while on vacation.  Where might David be?. Answer Choices: (A) sky (B) vaccation (C) forest (D) countryside (E) roof\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that David is on vacation. This eliminates option B. Next, we know that he is watching nesting birds, which suggests that he is in a place where birds can be found. This eliminates option A (sky) and E (roof). Finally, we know that he is using binoculars, which suggests that he is at a distance from the birds. This leaves us with option C (forest) and D (countryside) as the most likely answers. Since the sentence does not specify a specific location, both options could be correct. Therefore, the best answer would be (C) forest or (D) countryside. The answer is C or D.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is there a telephone book in almost every room? Answer Choices: (A) at hotel (B) house (C) library (D) bedsit (E) closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's think about where we usually find telephone books. Telephone books are usually found in places where people might need to make phone calls, such as hotels, houses, libraries, and bedsits. Next, let's think about which of these places might have a telephone book in almost every room. A hotel might have a telephone book in every room, but it's not guaranteed. A house might have a telephone book in every room, but it depends on the owner. A library might have a telephone book in every room, but it's not very common. A bedsit is a small apartment, so it's unlikely to have a telephone book in every room. Therefore, the most likely answer is (A) at a hotel. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where does a wild bird usually live? Answer Choices: (A) cage (B) sky (C) countryside (D) desert (E) windowsill\nA: Let's think step by step. A wild bird is a bird that is not domesticated or kept in captivity. So, it is not likely to live in a cage (A). Birds are known for flying, so it is possible that they live in the sky (B), but that is not a specific location. The countryside (C) is a more specific location that includes fields, forests, and other natural areas where birds can find food and shelter. The desert (D) is not a suitable habitat for most birds due to the lack of water and resources. A windowsill (E) is a man-made structure and not a natural habitat for wild birds. Therefore, the most likely answer is (C) countryside. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What would you do to a rock when climb up a cliff? Answer Choices: (A) grab (B) look down (C) throw (D) falling (E) may fall\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would grab onto the rock to help pull yourself up. Then, you might look down to check your progress or to see how far you have left to climb. You would not throw the rock, as that could be dangerous for anyone below you. Falling is a possibility, but hopefully you would not fall if you are properly secured with ropes and safety equipment. So, the best answer would be (A) grab. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you aren't well rested and it's a rainy day what might you do? Answer Choices: (A) sleep (B) write (C) make bread (D) stay in bed (E) enjoy film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, if you aren't well rested, you might want to rest or sleep. So, the answer could be A or D. Next, if it's a rainy day, you might want to stay indoors. So, the answer could be D. However, if you are feeling creative, you might want to write or make bread. So, the answer could also be B or C. Lastly, if you want to relax and be entertained, you might want to enjoy a film. So, the answer could also be E. Therefore, the best answer would be D) stay in bed. The answer is D.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: As he looked out the window, he knew the landing was happening soon, and it made him nervous, but where would he be soon? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) disembark (C) stairwell (D) deplane (E) airport\nA: Let's think step by step. The person is on a plane, and they are looking out the window. They know that the landing is happening soon, which means that the plane is going to touch down on the ground. So, where would the person be soon? They would be on the ground, at the airport. The correct answer is (E) airport. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you find a toy soldier that is being played with? Answer Choices: (A) toy box (B) movies (C) child's hand (D) toybos (E) child park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a toy soldier is a type of toy. So, it would make sense that it would be found in a place where toys are kept or played with. This eliminates options B and E. Next, we know that the toy soldier is being played with, so it would likely be in the possession of a child. This eliminates option D. Finally, we know that the child is actively playing with the toy soldier, so it would most likely be in their hand. This leaves us with option C, child's hand, as the correct answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A patriotic guy with a camera is looking for a bald eagle, what is he likely to do with the eagle if he finds one? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) canada (C) minnesota (D) thermal (E) photograph\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the guy is looking for a bald eagle. Bald eagles are typically found in nature, not in cities or thermal areas. They are also not specific to Canada or Minnesota, so those options can be eliminated. This leaves us with option (E) photograph. Since the guy is patriotic, it is likely that he wants to capture a photo of the bald eagle to show his love for his country. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) photograph. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Though a mouse might prefer your house, you might also see him where? Answer Choices: (A) tin (B) department store (C) garden (D) small hole (E) cupboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the sentence says \"Though a mouse might prefer your house\". This means that the mouse would rather be in your house than somewhere else. Next, the sentence says \"you might also see him where?\" This means that the mouse could be seen in other places besides your house. So, the correct answer would be (C) garden, (D) small hole, or (E) cupboard. These are all places where a mouse could potentially be seen. The answer is C.\n\nQ: David watched some nesting birds using his binoculars while on vacation.  Where might David be?. Answer Choices: (A) sky (B) vaccation (C) forest (D) countryside (E) roof\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where is a well used toy car likely to be found? Answer Choices: (A) child's room (B) boy's bedroom (C) own home (D) toy store (E) house\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the toy car is well used, which means it has been played with a lot. This eliminates options (D) and (E) because a toy car would not be well used if it was in a toy store or house. Next, we know that it is a toy, so it would most likely be found in a child's room or bedroom. This eliminates option (C) because it does not specify a specific room. Finally, the most fitting option would be (A) child's room because it is a general term that could apply to any child's room, regardless of gender. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is the primary purpose of cars? Answer Choices: (A) cost money (B) slow down (C) move people (D) turn right (E) get girls\nA: Let's think step by step. What is the main function of a car? It is a mode of transportation. So, the primary purpose of cars is to move people from one place to another. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) move people. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The kids didn't clean up after they had done what? Answer Choices: (A) learn things (B) play games (C) disneyland (D) play with toys (E) talking\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the kids did something. Then, they didn't clean up. So, what could they have done that would require cleaning up afterwards? The answer is (D) play with toys. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What kind of place has a revolving door and has things to buy in it? Answer Choices: (A) new york (B) public place (C) bank (D) mall (E) supermarket door\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place has a revolving door. This eliminates options (A) and (E) because they do not have revolving doors. Next, we know that the place has things to buy in it. This eliminates option (B) because it does not specify a specific type of place. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). Both banks and malls have revolving doors and things to buy in them. However, a bank typically only has a few items for sale, such as financial services or basic office supplies. A mall, on the other hand, has a wide variety of stores and products for sale. Therefore, the most likely answer is (D) mall. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find a toy soldier that is being played with? Answer Choices: (A) toy box (B) movies (C) child's hand (D) toybos (E) child park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a toy soldier is a type of toy. So, it would make sense that it would be found in a place where toys are kept or played with. This eliminates options B and E. Next, we know that the toy soldier is being played with, so it would likely be in the possession of a child. This eliminates option D. Finally, we know that the child is actively playing with the toy soldier, so it would most likely be in their hand. This leaves us with option C, child's hand, as the correct answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you find a monkey in the wild? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) barrel (C) research laboratory (D) captivity (E) thailand\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about where a monkey can be found in the wild. This means that we can eliminate answer choices (A), (C), and (D) because they all involve captivity or human intervention. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (B) because it is a common misconception that monkeys live in barrels, but in reality, they do not. This leaves us with answer choice (E), Thailand, as the correct answer. Monkeys can be found in the wild in various parts of Thailand, including national parks and forests. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What might I place under the furniture? Answer Choices: (A) rug (B) room (C) toy (D) friend's house (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is the furniture? It could be a couch, a table, a chair, etc. Next, what could you place under the furniture? A rug could go under a couch or table. A toy could also go under a couch or table. A friend's house or building would not typically go under furniture. So, the best answer would be either (A) rug or (C) toy. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where is a well used toy car likely to be found? Answer Choices: (A) child's room (B) boy's bedroom (C) own home (D) toy store (E) house\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Killing people should not cause what emotion? Answer Choices: (A) vengeance (B) going to prison (C) joy (D) afraid (E) terrible\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Killing people is a serious and harmful act that can cause harm and suffering to others. It is not something that should be taken lightly or celebrated. Therefore, the emotion that should not be associated with killing people is joy. Joy is a positive and happy emotion, and it is not appropriate to feel joy when causing harm to others. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) joy. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What emotion leads to punching? Answer Choices: (A) fists (B) hitting (C) boxing gloves (D) anger (E) hands\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that punching is a physical action, so we can eliminate answer choices (A), (B), and (C) as they are objects and not emotions. This leaves us with answer choices (D) and (E). Punching is often associated with aggression and violence, which are both expressions of anger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) anger. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What are people likely to do when an unexpected decent outcome occurs? Answer Choices: (A) kill each other (B) thank god (C) experience pain (D) hatred (E) talk to each other\nA: Let's think step by step. If an unexpected decent outcome occurs, people are likely to feel happy or relieved. They may also feel grateful or lucky. So, what are some things people might do when they feel happy, relieved, grateful, or lucky? They might express their emotions by smiling, laughing, or jumping for joy. They might also hug or high-five each other. They might say things like \"Wow!\" or \"That's amazing!\" or \"I can't believe it!\" They might also thank someone or something for the outcome, such as saying \"Thank God!\" or \"Thank goodness!\" or \"Thank you, universe!\" So, out of the answer choices given, the most likely option is (B) thank god. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Killing people should not cause what emotion? Answer Choices: (A) vengeance (B) going to prison (C) joy (D) afraid (E) terrible\nA: Let's think step by step. Killing people is a serious and harmful act that can cause harm and suffering to others. It is not something that should be taken lightly or celebrated. Therefore, the emotion that should not be associated with killing people is joy. Joy is a positive and happy emotion, and it is not appropriate to feel joy when causing harm to others. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) joy. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person needs medical attention. So, he should go to a place where he can receive medical care. That rules out options A, D, and E. Next, he needs immediate help, so he should go to a place where he can get help quickly. That rules out option B. That leaves us with option C, hospital, as the best answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: It's dangerous to let pet birds free so it's better to keep them what? Answer Choices: (A) slavery (B) caught (C) caged in (D) topfree (E) prisoner\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that it's dangerous to let pet birds free. This means that it's not safe for them to be outside without any restrictions. So, we can eliminate options (B) caught, (D) topfree, and (E) prisoner because they all suggest that the birds are not restricted in any way. Next, we can eliminate option (A) slavery because it is not appropriate to keep animals as slaves. This leaves us with option (C) caged in, which is the correct answer. Keeping pet birds in a cage is a safe and responsible way to ensure their well-being. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you buy food? Answer Choices: (A) freezer (B) store (C) home (D) hatred (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what we are buying. The question says \"food,\" so we can eliminate options A, C, and E because they are not places where you can buy food. Option D, \"hatred,\" is also not a place where you can buy food. That leaves us with option B, \"store.\" A store is a place where you can buy food, so that is the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Killing people should not cause what emotion? Answer Choices: (A) vengeance (B) going to prison (C) joy (D) afraid (E) terrible\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: From where does a snowflake form? Answer Choices: (A) cloud (B) snow storm (C) billow (D) air (E) snowstorm\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, a snowflake forms in the atmosphere. So, we can eliminate options (B) and (E) because they are not specific enough. Next, a snowflake forms in a specific type of cloud. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is too general. This leaves us with options (A) and (C). A billow is a type of cloud, so it is possible that a snowflake could form in a billow. However, the most common type of cloud for snowflake formation is a cumulus cloud. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) cloud. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: what do you fill with ink to write? Answer Choices: (A) squid (B) fountain pen (C) pencil case (D) newspaper (E) printer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to write something. What do we use to write? We use a writing tool, such as a pen or pencil. So, we can eliminate options (A), (D), and (E) because they are not writing tools. Next, we need to fill something with ink. What do we fill with ink? We fill a pen with ink. So, the correct answer is (B) fountain pen. The answer is B.\n\nQ: From where does a snowflake form? Answer Choices: (A) cloud (B) snow storm (C) billow (D) air (E) snowstorm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a snowflake forms in the atmosphere. So, we can eliminate options (B) and (E) because they are not specific enough. Next, a snowflake forms in a specific type of cloud. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is too general. This leaves us with options (A) and (C). A billow is a type of cloud, so it is possible that a snowflake could form in a billow. However, the most common type of cloud for snowflake formation is a cumulus cloud. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) cloud. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do young boys do on the ice in the winter? Answer Choices: (A) ski (B) play hockey (C) summer (D) knit (E) warm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what ice is. Ice is a solid form of water that is frozen at a temperature of 0 degrees Celsius or 32 degrees Fahrenheit. So, what do young boys do on the ice in the winter? They can't swim or go boating like they might do in the summer. They also can't knit or warm themselves up on the ice. That leaves us with two options: ski or play hockey. While skiing is a popular winter activity, it is more commonly associated with adults or families. Young boys are more likely to play hockey on the ice in the winter. So, the correct answer is (B) play hockey. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer Choices: (A) carved (B) melted (C) ice cream (D) antarctica (E) sculptured\nA: Let's think step by step. First, ice is a solid form of water. When it is exposed to sunlight, it absorbs the heat and starts to warm up. As it warms up, it begins to melt and turn into liquid water. So, the correct answer is (B) melted. The answer is B.\n\nQ: James was below the balloon.  He watched it rise.  What direction did he look in? Answer Choices: (A) upstairs (B) aloft (C) diagonal (D) upstream (E) upwards\nA: Let's think step by step. First, James was below the balloon. This means that he was looking up at the balloon. Next, he watched it rise. This means that the balloon was moving upwards. So, James was looking upwards. The correct answer is (E) upwards. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What kind of path do comets tend to have? Answer Choices: (A) ice (B) set orbits (C) universe (D) space (E) solid nucleus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a comet? A comet is a small, icy object that orbits the sun. Next, what is a path? A path is the route or course that something follows. So, what kind of path do comets tend to have? Comets tend to have set orbits, meaning they follow a specific path around the sun. This is because they are affected by the gravitational pull of the sun and other planets, which keeps them in a relatively stable orbit. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) set orbits. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you hear a trumpet along with other instruments made from the same material? Answer Choices: (A) music store (B) bass (C) brass band (D) orchestra (E) marching band\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to know what a trumpet is. A trumpet is a musical instrument that is made of brass and is played by blowing into it and pressing the keys. Now, let's think about where we might hear a trumpet. A music store is a place where you can buy musical instruments, but it is unlikely that you would hear a trumpet playing there. A bass is a type of guitar, so it is not made of brass and would not be played with a trumpet. A brass band is a group of musicians who play instruments made of brass, so it is possible that a trumpet would be played in a brass band. An orchestra is a large group of musicians who play different instruments, including brass instruments like trumpets. Finally, a marching band is a group of musicians who play instruments while marching in parades or at sporting events. Marching bands often include brass instruments like trumpets. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) brass band. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The water in clouds turn in to what when it gets cold? Answer Choices: (A) typhoon (B) snowflake (C) laddle (D) teardrops (E) sink\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the water in clouds is in the form of tiny droplets. When it gets cold, these droplets start to freeze and form ice crystals. These ice crystals then stick together and become heavier, eventually falling to the ground as snowflakes. So, the correct answer is (B) snowflake. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If there is gum on your shoe where did it likely come from? Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) movies (C) sidewalk (D) water fountain (E) table\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to consider where gum is commonly found. It is not typically found on shelves or tables, so we can eliminate those options. Gum is often chewed in places where people are sitting or standing for a while, so it is possible that it could have come from a movie theater or a water fountain. However, the most likely option is the sidewalk. People often spit out gum while walking, and it can easily get stuck to someone's shoe. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) sidewalk. The answer is C.\n\nQ: From where does a snowflake form? Answer Choices: (A) cloud (B) snow storm (C) billow (D) air (E) snowstorm\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where are people likely to become impatient? Answer Choices: (A) end of line (B) buildings (C) apartment (D) neighbor's house (E) address\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. People are likely to become impatient when they are waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (B), (C), and (E) because they do not involve waiting. Option (D) is also unlikely because it is specific to a neighbor's house and may not apply to everyone. This leaves us with option (A), end of line, as the most likely answer. People waiting in line often become impatient, especially if the line is long or moving slowly. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: What may I place the telephone on? Answer Choices: (A) bar (B) friend's house (C) desktop (D) party (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where we can place the telephone. The options given are: bar, friend's house, desktop, party, and office. Out of these options, the most suitable place to place a telephone would be a desktop. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) desktop. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you have a home with a courtyard, what's one thing you probably don't have to care for any longer? Answer Choices: (A) lawn (B) kids (C) asshole (D) spain (E) office complex\nA: Let's think step by step. A courtyard is an outdoor space that is surrounded by walls or buildings. So, if you have a courtyard, you probably don't have to care for a lawn any longer because the walls or buildings would cover the ground and prevent grass from growing. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) lawn. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Before racers start to run they must do what at the starting line? Answer Choices: (A) learn to walk (B) walking (C) walk slowly (D) breathe (E) stand still\nA: Let's think step by step. Before racers start to run, they must first get to the starting line. Then, they must get into position. This means they must stand still. So, the correct answer is (E) stand still. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do people do when networking? Answer Choices: (A) build trust (B) hurry home (C) ignore people (D) believe in god (E) jump to conclusions\nA: Let's think step by step. When people are networking, they are typically trying to make connections and build relationships with others. This involves actively engaging with others, listening to their stories and experiences, and sharing their own. So, the answer is (A) build trust. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sally was standing in queue.  The line was very, very slow.  What was she feeling? Answer Choices: (A) frustration (B) delays (C) being annoyed (D) moving forward (E) progress\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Sally was standing in queue. 2. The line was very, very slow. 3. What was she feeling? Based on the information given, we can infer that Sally was feeling frustrated and annoyed because the line was slow and she had to wait for a long time. Therefore, the correct answer would be (A) frustration and (C) being annoyed. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where are people likely to become impatient? Answer Choices: (A) end of line (B) buildings (C) apartment (D) neighbor's house (E) address\nA: Let's think step by step. People are likely to become impatient when they are waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (B), (C), and (E) because they do not involve waiting. Option (D) is also unlikely because it is specific to a neighbor's house and may not apply to everyone. This leaves us with option (A), end of line, as the most likely answer. People waiting in line often become impatient, especially if the line is long or moving slowly. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What would you be building if you designed a place for an annoying critter to stay? Answer Choices: (A) spread disease (B) swamp (C) fly away (D) cat condo (E) bug campers\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is for an annoying critter to stay. This means that the place should be designed to keep the critter contained and prevent it from bothering others. Next, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not fit this purpose. Option (C) does not make sense in this context. Option (D) could work, but it seems more like a place for a pet cat to stay rather than an annoying critter. This leaves us with option (E), bug campers. This could be a suitable option because it implies a small, contained space for the critter to stay in, while also acknowledging that it is a temporary residence. Therefore, the answer is (E) bug campers. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you borrow furniture if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) sewer (B) neighbor's house (C) apartment (D) room (E) floor\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to borrow furniture. So, you need to find someone who has furniture that you can borrow. You can't borrow furniture from a sewer or a floor, so we can eliminate those options. You also can't borrow furniture from an apartment or a room, because those are just places and not people. That leaves us with the option of borrowing furniture from a neighbor's house. So, the correct answer is (B) neighbor's house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where are people likely to become impatient? Answer Choices: (A) end of line (B) buildings (C) apartment (D) neighbor's house (E) address\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where would you get some maps that you own? Answer Choices: (A) bookstore (B) library (C) electrical circuit (D) cabinet (E) important when traveling\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what maps are. Maps are visual representations of an area or a region. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A bookstore is a place where books are sold, but it may not necessarily have maps. An electrical circuit is a path that allows electricity to flow. A cabinet is a piece of furniture with shelves or drawers used for storing or displaying items. Out of these options, the best place to get maps that you own would be a library. Libraries often have a collection of maps that can be checked out and taken home. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) library. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where can books be read? Answer Choices: (A) cabinet (B) backpack (C) table (D) shelf (E) sink\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what books are. Books are objects that contain written or printed pages bound together. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A cabinet is a piece of furniture with shelves or drawers used for storing or displaying items. A backpack is a bag with shoulder straps that is used to carry things on one's back. A table is a piece of furniture with a flat top and one or more legs, used as a surface for working at, eating from, or on which to place things. A shelf is a flat, horizontal board or surface used for storing or displaying items. A sink is a fixed basin with a water supply and drain, used for washing hands, dishes, and other objects. Out of these options, the only place where books can be read is at a table. A table provides a flat surface for the book to rest on and allows the reader to sit comfortably while reading. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) table. The answer is C.\n\nQ: James was looking for a good place to buy farmland.  Where might he look? Answer Choices: (A) midwest (B) countryside (C) estate (D) farming areas (E) illinois\nA: Let's think step by step. James is looking for farmland, so we can eliminate options C and E (estate and Illinois) since they do not specifically mention farmland. Option B (countryside) could be a good choice, but it is a bit vague. Option D (farming areas) is a good choice, but it is still a bit broad. Option A (Midwest) is the best choice because it specifically mentions a region known for its farmland. So, the correct answer is A) Midwest. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If a person stutters when he experiences anxiety or excitement, he'll have difficult doing what? Answer Choices: (A) express information (B) dance (C) library (D) go somewhere (E) study\nA: Let's think step by step. If a person stutters when he experiences anxiety or excitement, it means that he has difficulty speaking fluently. So, the correct answer is (A) express information. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Why would you take a bus to work? Answer Choices: (A) commute (B) flying (C) get somewhere (D) travel (E) go home\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to get to work. You could walk, but that might take a long time. You could drive, but maybe you don't have a car or you don't want to deal with traffic and parking. You could take a taxi, but that might be expensive. So, taking a bus is a good option because it is a form of transportation that can get you to work without having to deal with traffic or parking, and it is usually more affordable than a taxi. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) commute. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If someone rules the universe of what are they in charge? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) football game (C) everything (D) text book (E) lawbook\nA: Let's think step by step. If someone rules the universe, they are in charge of everything in the universe. So, the correct answer is (C) everything. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you were lost you might need a map, the best place to find one on the road is at any what? Answer Choices: (A) truck stop (B) amusement park (C) atlas (D) mall (E) gas station\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are lost, what do you need? You need a map. Where can you find a map? You can find a map at a gas station. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) gas station. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you acquire a wind instrument for you own use? Answer Choices: (A) band practice (B) concert (C) music store (D) symphony (E) music room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to find a place that sells wind instruments. This rules out options A, B, and D. Next, you need to find a place that specifically sells instruments for personal use, rather than for a performance or practice setting. This rules out option E. This leaves us with option C, a music store, as the most likely place to acquire a wind instrument for personal use. The answer is C.\n\nQ: They wanted to try blowfish, so they went to get some where? Answer Choices: (A) atlantic ocean (B) books (C) france (D) aquarium (E) fish market\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they wanted to try blowfish. Blowfish is a type of fish that is known for being a delicacy in some cultures. So, where would they go to get some blowfish? They could go to the Atlantic Ocean, but that would require them to catch the fish themselves. They could also go to an aquarium, but that would just allow them to see the fish, not eat it. Books and France are not related to getting blowfish at all. That leaves us with the fish market. The fish market is a place where people can buy different types of fish, including blowfish. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) fish market. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you store a pillow case that is not in use? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen cupboard (B) bedding store (C) england (D) drawer (E) bedroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a pillow case is a type of bedding. So, it would make sense to store it in a place where other bedding items are kept. This eliminates options A and C. Next, we know that the pillow case is not in use, so it would not be stored in a bedding store. This eliminates option B. Finally, the most logical place to store a pillow case that is not in use would be in a drawer in the bedroom. This is where most people keep their extra bedding items. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) drawer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you get some maps that you own? Answer Choices: (A) bookstore (B) library (C) electrical circuit (D) cabinet (E) important when traveling\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: When you get up in the morning before you begin work you should do what? Answer Choices: (A) apply for job (B) sleep (C) concentrate (D) shower (E) just do\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, you wake up in the morning. Then, you should do something before you begin work. What is something that most people do in the morning to feel refreshed and ready for the day? Yes, it's showering! So the correct answer is (D) shower. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you need to rest it's often because you have been doing what? Answer Choices: (A) action (B) sleep (C) sleeping (D) in motion (E) using energy\nA: Let's think step by step. When you need to rest, it's often because you feel tired or exhausted. Why do you feel tired or exhausted? It's because you have been using energy. So, the correct answer is (E) using energy. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you get up in the morning before you begin work you should do what? Answer Choices: (A) apply for job (B) sleep (C) concentrate (D) shower (E) just do\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you wake up in the morning. Then, you should do something before you begin work. What is something that most people do in the morning to feel refreshed and ready for the day? Yes, it's showering! So the correct answer is (D) shower. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What did the adult do before the job interview? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) dress himself (C) marry (D) dress herself (E) drive train\nA: Let's think step by step. Before a job interview, a person would typically get ready for the interview. This would involve dressing themselves, so the correct answer is (B) dress himself. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the what? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) hostel (C) building (D) lobby (E) office park\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A reception desk is a type of desk that is typically located at the front entrance of a building or establishment. 2. The front entrance is the main entrance or the entrance that faces the street or parking lot. 3. So, if somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the building. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) building. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does the sky do before a rain? Answer Choices: (A) appear beautiful (B) appear blue (C) shows a rainbow (D) rain water (E) cloud over\nA: Let's think step by step. Before a rain, the sky does not appear beautiful because it is usually cloudy and gray. It also does not appear blue because the clouds cover the sky. A rainbow can sometimes appear after a rain, but not before. Rain water does not affect the appearance of the sky. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) cloud over. The answer is E.\n\nQ: To get clean clothes you to what to them? Answer Choices: (A) get dirty (B) writing (C) use water (D) launder (E) soap\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to put your dirty clothes in the washing machine. Then, you need to add soap or detergent to the machine. Next, you need to turn on the machine and let it fill with water. After that, you need to select the appropriate cycle and let the machine do its job. Finally, when the cycle is finished, you need to take out your clean clothes and put them in the dryer or hang them to dry. So, to get clean clothes, you need to launder them. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) launder. The answer is D.\n\nQ: When you get up in the morning before you begin work you should do what? Answer Choices: (A) apply for job (B) sleep (C) concentrate (D) shower (E) just do\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: What furniture will you normally find near a side chair? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) table (C) wheel barrow (D) building (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. A side chair is typically used for sitting, so it would make sense to have a table nearby for placing items or eating. A bedroom or office may also have a side chair for sitting at a desk or vanity. A wheelbarrow and building are not typically associated with side chairs. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) table. The answer is B.\n\nQ: From where do aliens arrive? Answer Choices: (A) outer space (B) weekly world news (C) roswell (D) universe (E) mars\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that aliens are beings from other planets. This means that they do not come from Earth. So, we can eliminate options B and C, as they are related to Earth. Next, we know that outer space is a vast expanse that includes all of the planets, stars, and galaxies. So, it is possible that aliens could come from outer space. However, the universe is even larger than outer space, as it includes everything in existence. So, it is also possible that aliens could come from the universe. Lastly, Mars is a planet in our solar system, so it is a part of outer space. Therefore, the most accurate answer would be A) outer space or D) universe. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What will a person going for a jog likely be wearing? Answer Choices: (A) grope (B) acknowledgment (C) comfortable clothes (D) ipod (E) passionate kisses\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a person is going for a jog. This means they will be doing some physical activity, so they will likely want to wear comfortable clothes. This eliminates options A, B, and E. Next, we can assume that they may want to listen to music while they jog, so they may have an iPod with them. This leaves us with option D. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) iPod. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What kind of service is my body a part of when I'm no longer here? Answer Choices: (A) bodycam (B) home (C) coffin (D) funeral (E) graveyard\nA: Let's think step by step. When you are no longer here, your body will be placed in a coffin. The coffin will then be taken to a funeral service, where your loved ones will gather to say goodbye and honor your life. After the funeral, your body will be buried in a graveyard. So, the correct answer is (D) funeral. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The man had a fear of illness, so he never visited friends who were a what? Answer Choices: (A) sick person (B) hospital (C) elderly person (D) graveyard (E) doctor's office\nA: Let's think step by step. The man had a fear of illness. So, he never visited friends who were a what? This means that the man was afraid of getting sick, so he avoided visiting people or places that could potentially make him sick. Out of the answer choices, the best option would be (A) sick person, as visiting a sick person could increase his chances of getting sick. The other options do not necessarily involve being in close contact with someone who is sick. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the what? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) hostel (C) building (D) lobby (E) office park\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A reception desk is a type of desk that is typically located at the front entrance of a building or establishment. 2. The front entrance is the main entrance or the entrance that faces the street or parking lot. 3. So, if somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the building. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) building. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where are  you likely to find a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) fast food restaurant (B) pizza (C) ground up dead cows (D) mouth (E) cow carcus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a hamburger is a type of food. So, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not related to food. Next, we know that a hamburger is a popular food item that is often served in restaurants. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is not a location. This leaves us with options (A) and (B). However, pizza is not typically associated with hamburgers, so the correct answer is (A) fast food restaurant. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you keep an ottoman near your front door? Answer Choices: (A) living room (B) parlor (C) furniture store (D) basement (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an ottoman? An ottoman is a piece of furniture that is typically used as a footstool or for extra seating. It is usually placed in a living room or family room. So, the answer would be (A) living room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where might an unused chess set be stored? Answer Choices: (A) toy store (B) michigan (C) living room (D) attic (E) cupboard\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that a chess set is a type of game. So, it would make sense to store it in a place where other games are kept. This eliminates options B and C. Next, we know that the chess set is not being used, so it would not be stored in a toy store. This eliminates option A. Finally, the most logical place to store an unused chess set would be in a cupboard or attic, as these are common storage spaces for items that are not frequently used. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) cupboard or (D) attic. The answer is E or D.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: If student got a list of supplies from class like paper and pencils, their parent would have to go where? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) parking garage (C) store (D) backpack (E) cabinet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the student would need to get the list of supplies from class. This would most likely happen in the classroom. Then, the parent would need to go to a place where they can purchase the supplies. This would most likely be a store. So, the correct answer is (C) store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where does a heifer's master live? Answer Choices: (A) farm house (B) barnyard (C) stockyard (D) slaughter house (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a heifer? A heifer is a young female cow that has not yet had a calf. So, where do cows live? Cows typically live on a farm. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) farm house - This could be a possible answer, as the farmer who owns the heifer may live in a farm house on the same property. (B) barnyard - This is also a possible answer, as cows often live in a barn or barnyard on a farm. (C) stockyard - This is less likely, as a stockyard is a place where livestock are kept temporarily before being sold or transported. (D) slaughter house - This is not a likely answer, as a heifer is not typically kept in a slaughter house. (E) eat cake - This is not a relevant answer, as it does not relate to the question. So, the most likely answer is (A) farm house or (B) barnyard. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The lock kept the steering wheel from moving, but the thief still took his chances and began to work on the what? Answer Choices: (A) keep cloesd (B) train (C) ignition switch (D) drawer (E) firearm\nA: Let's think step by step. The lock kept the steering wheel from moving, so the thief couldn't drive the car. However, the thief still took his chances, which means he still tried to do something. So, what did he try to do? He began to work on the...? The answer is C) ignition switch. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where do play a game for money? Answer Choices: (A) casino (B) football ground (C) ballpark (D) family room (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where people can play games for money. A toy store (E) is not a good option because it is a place where people buy toys, not play games for money. A family room (D) is also not a good option because it is usually a private space in someone's home, not a public place for playing games. A football ground (B) and a ballpark (C) are both places where people can play sports, but not necessarily for money. That leaves us with option (A) casino, which is a place specifically designed for gambling and playing games for money. So the correct answer is (A) casino. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find a toy soldier that is being played with? Answer Choices: (A) toy box (B) movies (C) child's hand (D) toybos (E) child park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a toy soldier is a type of toy. So, it would make sense that it would be found in a place where toys are kept or played with. This eliminates options B and E. Next, we know that the toy soldier is being played with, so it would likely be in the possession of a child. This eliminates option D. Finally, we know that the child is actively playing with the toy soldier, so it would most likely be in their hand. This leaves us with option C, child's hand, as the correct answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Despite the name a pawn can be quite versatile, all the parts are important in a what? Answer Choices: (A) chess game (B) scheme (C) chess set (D) checkers (E) north carolina\nA: Let's think step by step. The question is asking about the versatility of a pawn. The answer choices are (A) chess game, (B) scheme, (C) chess set, (D) checkers, and (E) North Carolina. Out of these options, only (A) chess game makes sense in the context of the question. A pawn is a piece in the game of chess, so it is logical to say that all the parts (pieces) are important in a chess game. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) chess game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you store a pillow case that is not in use? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen cupboard (B) bedding store (C) england (D) drawer (E) bedroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a pillow case is a type of bedding. So, it would make sense to store it in a place where other bedding items are kept. This eliminates options A and C. Next, we know that the pillow case is not in use, so it would not be stored in a bedding store. This eliminates option B. Finally, the most logical place to store a pillow case that is not in use would be in a drawer in the bedroom. This is where most people keep their extra bedding items. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) drawer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where might an unused chess set be stored? Answer Choices: (A) toy store (B) michigan (C) living room (D) attic (E) cupboard\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: When wildlife reproduce we often refer to what comes out as what? Answer Choices: (A) raise children (B) have children (C) photo copy (D) offspring (E) accidently got pregnant somehow\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. When wildlife reproduce, they are creating new life. This new life is often referred to as offspring. So, the answer is (D) offspring. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where do all animals live? Answer Choices: (A) the moon (B) fairgrounds (C) surface of earth (D) meadow (E) zoos\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options A and B because animals cannot live on the moon or at fairgrounds. Next, we can eliminate option E because not all animals live in zoos. This leaves us with options C and D. While some animals may live in meadows, not all animals do. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) surface of earth. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A child wants to play, what would they likely want? Answer Choices: (A) fall down (B) breathe (C) play tag (D) be dismembered by a chainsaw (E) become adult\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options B and E because they are not related to playing. Next, we can eliminate option D because it is violent and not a typical desire for a child. This leaves us with options A and C. While children may enjoy falling down, it is not typically something they actively seek out. Therefore, the most likely answer is C) play tag. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do you call the caretakers of a child? Answer Choices: (A) principal (B) birth (C) loving couple (D) act of sex (E) parents\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the caretakers are responsible for taking care of a child. This eliminates options (A) principal and (D) act of sex. Next, we know that the caretakers are related to the child in some way. This eliminates option (C) loving couple. Finally, we know that the caretakers are the ones who brought the child into the world. This leaves us with options (B) birth and (E) parents. However, option (B) birth does not accurately describe the relationship between the caretakers and the child. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) parents. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The newlyweds began copulating their marriage, they wanted many what? Answer Choices: (A) babies (B) odors (C) sadness (D) rapport (E) ejaculation\nA: Let's think step by step. The newlyweds began copulating their marriage. This means that they started having sex after getting married. So, what do newlyweds usually want after getting married? They usually want to start a family and have children. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) babies. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When a human is earning money, where are they often found? Answer Choices: (A) deep thought (B) park (C) friend's house (D) place of work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. When a human is earning money, it means they are working. So, where do people usually work? The answer is (D) place of work. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If someone found out their brother was having a daughter, they would have to add a niece limb to the what? Answer Choices: (A) family picture book (B) family reunion (C) brother's house (D) family tree (E) baby shower\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person found out their brother was having a daughter. This means that the brother is going to have a daughter, making the person an aunt or uncle. So, the person would have to add a new family member to their family tree. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) family tree. The answer is D.\n\nQ: When wildlife reproduce we often refer to what comes out as what? Answer Choices: (A) raise children (B) have children (C) photo copy (D) offspring (E) accidently got pregnant somehow\nA: Let's think step by step. When wildlife reproduce, they are creating new life. This new life is often referred to as offspring. So, the answer is (D) offspring. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: When wildlife reproduce we often refer to what comes out as what? Answer Choices: (A) raise children (B) have children (C) photo copy (D) offspring (E) accidently got pregnant somehow\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If you're attending school and are falling asleep you're likely experiencing what? Answer Choices: (A) boredom (B) malaria (C) graduate (D) inspiration (E) detention\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. You're attending school and you're falling asleep. This means that you're in a classroom setting, which is usually associated with learning and education. Falling asleep in this setting is not a normal or expected behavior, so it's likely that something is causing you to feel tired or drowsy. The most likely answer choice is (A) boredom, as this suggests that you're not engaged or interested in the material being presented. (B) malaria is a disease that causes fever and fatigue, but it's unlikely that you would be attending school if you were experiencing these symptoms. (C) graduate is not a likely answer choice, as this refers to completing a level of education, not feeling sleepy in class. (D) inspiration is also not a likely answer choice, as this refers to feeling motivated or excited, not tired. (E) detention is a form of punishment for misbehavior, so it's unlikely that you would be falling asleep in detention. Therefore, the most likely answer choice is (A) boredom. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When you need to rest it's often because you have been doing what? Answer Choices: (A) action (B) sleep (C) sleeping (D) in motion (E) using energy\nA: Let's think step by step. When you need to rest, it's often because you feel tired or exhausted. Why do you feel tired or exhausted? It's because you have been using energy. So, the correct answer is (E) using energy. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you're attending school and are falling asleep you're likely experiencing what? Answer Choices: (A) boredom (B) malaria (C) graduate (D) inspiration (E) detention\nA: Let's think step by step. You're attending school and you're falling asleep. This means that you're in a classroom setting, which is usually associated with learning and education. Falling asleep in this setting is not a normal or expected behavior, so it's likely that something is causing you to feel tired or drowsy. The most likely answer choice is (A) boredom, as this suggests that you're not engaged or interested in the material being presented. (B) malaria is a disease that causes fever and fatigue, but it's unlikely that you would be attending school if you were experiencing these symptoms. (C) graduate is not a likely answer choice, as this refers to completing a level of education, not feeling sleepy in class. (D) inspiration is also not a likely answer choice, as this refers to feeling motivated or excited, not tired. (E) detention is a form of punishment for misbehavior, so it's unlikely that you would be falling asleep in detention. Therefore, the most likely answer choice is (A) boredom. The answer is A.\n\nQ: His parents thought he was suffering from boredom, but the teen loved to lay in bed and just do what? Answer Choices: (A) meet interesting people (B) lift weights (C) listen to music (D) play chess (E) entertain\nA: Let's think step by step. The teen loves to lay in bed and do something. What are some things that you can do while laying in bed? You can meet interesting people, lift weights, listen to music, play chess, or entertain. Out of these options, which one do you think is the most likely for a teen to do while laying in bed? It's probably not lifting weights or meeting interesting people, as those activities require more physical movement. It's also unlikely that the teen is entertaining others while laying in bed. That leaves us with listening to music or playing chess. While both are possible, listening to music seems like a more common and relaxing activity for a teen to do while laying in bed. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) listen to music. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What could you use to get to some airplanes? Answer Choices: (A) taxi (B) carry people (C) car (D) stall (E) crash\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to get to the airport. A taxi or a car could both be used to get to the airport. Once we are at the airport, we need to get to the airplanes. A taxi or a car could also be used to get to the airplanes, but they may not be able to drive directly onto the runway. Instead, we could use a stall, which is a small structure or booth, to get onto the runway and access the airplanes. We definitely do not want to crash into the airplanes, as that would be dangerous and destructive. So, the best answer would be (A) taxi or (C) car. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you're attending school and are falling asleep you're likely experiencing what? Answer Choices: (A) boredom (B) malaria (C) graduate (D) inspiration (E) detention\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: For what entity should the government work? Answer Choices: (A) country (B) democracy (C) canada (D) civilization (E) tax office\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The government is a body that is responsible for making and enforcing laws, managing public resources, and providing services to its citizens. So, the government should work for the benefit of its citizens. Therefore, the correct answer would be (A) country. The government should work for the betterment and progress of its country and its people. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The earth is one planet in what? Answer Choices: (A) tree (B) orbit (C) solar system (D) fotograph (E) dreams\nA: Let's think step by step. The earth is a planet, which means it is a large, round object that orbits around a star. So, the earth is one planet in a solar system. A solar system is a collection of planets, moons, and other objects that orbit around a central star. So, the correct answer is (C) solar system. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a person who is good at sports considered? Answer Choices: (A) lazy (B) own house (C) talented (D) affluent (E) reproduce\nA: Let's think step by step. A person who is good at sports is someone who is skilled and successful in athletic activities. This person is likely to be physically fit, dedicated, and hardworking. They may also possess qualities such as determination, discipline, and perseverance. Based on these characteristics, we can eliminate options A, B, and D. Option E is not relevant to the context. Therefore, the correct answer is C) talented. The answer is C.\n\nQ: It takes ambition to complete a job, but the first step is to what? Answer Choices: (A) take care of proposals (B) begin work (C) in charge of project (D) eat cake (E) go to school\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to have ambition. Then, what is the first thing you need to do in order to complete a job? The answer is to begin work. So, the correct answer is (B) begin work. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If someone rules the universe of what are they in charge? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) football game (C) everything (D) text book (E) lawbook\nA: Let's think step by step. If someone rules the universe, they are in charge of everything in the universe. So, the correct answer is (C) everything. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Jane works for the government as a senator, where does she spend a lot of time? Answer Choices: (A) capitol building (B) everything (C) washington d.c (D) russia (E) canada\nA: Let's think step by step. Jane works for the government as a senator. So, she is a government employee. Now, where does she work? She works in the government building. So, she spends a lot of time in the capitol building. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) capitol building. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The hostess greeted the employees to the program, she then led them to their what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) welcome guests (C) occupations (D) work room (E) seat customer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the hostess greeted the employees. Then, she led them to their...what? The answer choices are (A) group people, (B) welcome guests, (C) occupations, (D) work room, and (E) seat customer. Based on the context, it is most likely that the hostess led the employees to their work room. This is where they will be working during the program. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) work room. The answer is D.\n\nQ: For what entity should the government work? Answer Choices: (A) country (B) democracy (C) canada (D) civilization (E) tax office\nA: Let's think step by step. The government is a body that is responsible for making and enforcing laws, managing public resources, and providing services to its citizens. So, the government should work for the benefit of its citizens. Therefore, the correct answer would be (A) country. The government should work for the betterment and progress of its country and its people. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What would you put coins into to make it work? Answer Choices: (A) stove (B) water fountain (C) desk (D) purse (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to make work. In this case, we are trying to make something that requires coins to work. So, we can eliminate options (A), (C), and (D) because they are not typically associated with coins. That leaves us with options (B) and (E). A water fountain is a common place to put coins in order to make it work, so (B) is the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: For what entity should the government work? Answer Choices: (A) country (B) democracy (C) canada (D) civilization (E) tax office\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Metal is taken from what which is pulled from the ground? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) instruments (C) ore (D) car (E) junkyard\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. Metal is taken from what? It is taken from the ground. What is in the ground? Dirt, instruments, ore, cars, and junkyards are all found in the ground, but only one of these options is a source of metal. Do you know which one? It is ore. Ore is a type of rock that contains metal. So, the correct answer is (C) ore. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: What do you use to carry your briefcase? Answer Choices: (A) office building (B) school (C) courtroom (D) airport (E) hand\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to have a briefcase. Then, you need to carry it somewhere. So, the answer is not the briefcase itself, but the method of carrying it. The correct answer is (E) hand. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would stones not be arranged in a path? Answer Choices: (A) quarries (B) field (C) park (D) bridge (E) made from rocks\nA: Let's think step by step. Stones are often used to create paths in outdoor spaces, such as parks, gardens, and even bridges. They are also commonly found in quarries, which are areas where rocks are extracted for building materials. However, they would not be arranged in a path in a field, as fields are typically open spaces used for farming or grazing animals. So, the correct answer is (B) field. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What would you do to a rock when climb up a cliff? Answer Choices: (A) grab (B) look down (C) throw (D) falling (E) may fall\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would grab onto the rock to help pull yourself up. Then, you might look down to check your progress or to see how far you have left to climb. You would not throw the rock, as that could be dangerous for anyone below you. Falling is a possibility, but hopefully you would not fall if you are properly secured with ropes and safety equipment. So, the best answer would be (A) grab. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is the process of going somewhere? Answer Choices: (A) fire (B) energy (C) car (D) transporting (E) staying in place\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to decide where you want to go. Then, you need to plan your route and mode of transportation. This could involve using a car, taking public transportation, or walking. Next, you need to gather any necessary items, such as a map or tickets. Once you have everything you need, you physically move from your starting point to your destination. This could involve driving, riding a bus or train, or walking. Finally, you arrive at your destination and complete any necessary tasks or activities. The process of going somewhere involves a combination of decision-making, planning, physical movement, and arrival at a destination. So, the best answer would be (D) transporting. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The lock kept the steering wheel from moving, but the thief still took his chances and began to work on the what? Answer Choices: (A) keep cloesd (B) train (C) ignition switch (D) drawer (E) firearm\nA: Let's think step by step. The lock kept the steering wheel from moving, so the thief couldn't drive the car. However, the thief still took his chances, which means he still tried to do something. So, what did he try to do? He began to work on the...? The answer is C) ignition switch. The answer is C.\n\nQ: How would you get from one side of a canal to another? Answer Choices: (A) michigan (B) amsterdam (C) venice (D) bridge (E) barges to travel on\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine where the canal is located. The answer choices give us some clues - Michigan is a state in the United States, Amsterdam is a city in the Netherlands, Venice is a city in Italy, and a bridge is a structure that can be found in many places. However, the most likely answer is C) Venice, since it is known for its many canals. Now, how would we get from one side of a canal to another in Venice? The most common way is by using a bridge. Venice has over 400 bridges connecting its many canals, so it is likely that there would be a bridge nearby to cross. Another option could be to take a boat or barge to travel across the canal. In Venice, there are also water taxis and gondolas that can take you from one side to the other. In conclusion, the most likely answer is D) bridge, but E) barges to travel on could also be a possible option depending on the location and circumstances. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you hear a trumpet along with other instruments made from the same material? Answer Choices: (A) music store (B) bass (C) brass band (D) orchestra (E) marching band\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to know what a trumpet is. A trumpet is a musical instrument that is made of brass and is played by blowing into it and pressing the keys. Now, let's think about where we might hear a trumpet. A music store is a place where you can buy musical instruments, but it is unlikely that you would hear a trumpet playing there. A bass is a type of guitar, so it is not made of brass and would not be played with a trumpet. A brass band is a group of musicians who play instruments made of brass, so it is possible that a trumpet would be played in a brass band. An orchestra is a large group of musicians who play different instruments, including brass instruments like trumpets. Finally, a marching band is a group of musicians who play instruments while marching in parades or at sporting events. Marching bands often include brass instruments like trumpets. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) brass band. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Metal is taken from what which is pulled from the ground? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) instruments (C) ore (D) car (E) junkyard\nA: Let's think step by step. Metal is taken from what? It is taken from the ground. What is in the ground? Dirt, instruments, ore, cars, and junkyards are all found in the ground, but only one of these options is a source of metal. Do you know which one? It is ore. Ore is a type of rock that contains metal. So, the correct answer is (C) ore. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Metal is used to make what? Answer Choices: (A) junkyard (B) ore (C) instruments (D) metal fabrication shop (E) bowls\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that metal is a material. So, it cannot be used to make a place like a junkyard or a shop. Next, we know that metal is usually found in the form of ore, but it is not used to make ore. So, we can eliminate options A and B. Now, let's look at the remaining options. Metal can be used to make instruments, metal fabrication shops, and bowls. However, metal fabrication shops are places where metal is processed, not made. So, we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with options C and E. Metal can be used to make instruments like guitars, drums, and trumpets. It can also be used to make bowls, which are commonly used for eating or cooking. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) instruments and (E) bowls. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Metal is taken from what which is pulled from the ground? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) instruments (C) ore (D) car (E) junkyard\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The artist was sitting quietly pondering, then suddenly he began to paint when what struck him? Answer Choices: (A) sadness (B) anxiety (C) inspiration (D) discomfort (E) insights\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The artist was sitting quietly pondering, which means he was deep in thought. Suddenly, he began to paint, which means something triggered him to start painting. So, what struck him? The answer is (C) inspiration. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: There was a long cottage somewhere.  People thought it was haunted.  It was overgrown, there was nothing near it.  It's was far into the what? Answer Choices: (A) mountains (B) countryside (C) train (D) painting (E) village\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that there is a long cottage somewhere. Next, we know that people think it is haunted. Then, we know that it is overgrown and there is nothing near it. Finally, we are given a clue that it is far into something. Based on the context, the most logical answer would be (B) countryside. The other options do not fit with the description of the cottage being overgrown and isolated. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What emotion leads to punching? Answer Choices: (A) fists (B) hitting (C) boxing gloves (D) anger (E) hands\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that punching is a physical action, so we can eliminate answer choices (A), (B), and (C) as they are objects and not emotions. This leaves us with answer choices (D) and (E). Punching is often associated with aggression and violence, which are both expressions of anger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) anger. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What might someone do after they finish creating art? Answer Choices: (A) frustration (B) relax (C) eat (D) enlightenment (E) communication\nA: Let's think step by step. After someone finishes creating art, they might feel a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction. They might also feel a sense of relief or relaxation, especially if the process was challenging or time-consuming. They might also feel a sense of enlightenment or new understanding, as creating art can often be a reflective and introspective process. They might also feel a desire to communicate their art with others, whether through sharing it with friends and family or exhibiting it publicly. Lastly, they might feel hungry and decide to eat something after expending energy on creating art. So, the best answer would be (B) relax, followed by (D) enlightenment and (E) communication, and possibly (C) eat. (A) frustration would not be a likely response after finishing creating art. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The artist was sitting quietly pondering, then suddenly he began to paint when what struck him? Answer Choices: (A) sadness (B) anxiety (C) inspiration (D) discomfort (E) insights\nA: Let's think step by step. The artist was sitting quietly pondering, which means he was deep in thought. Suddenly, he began to paint, which means something triggered him to start painting. So, what struck him? The answer is (C) inspiration. The answer is C.\n\nQ: As he looked out the window, he knew the landing was happening soon, and it made him nervous, but where would he be soon? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) disembark (C) stairwell (D) deplane (E) airport\nA: Let's think step by step. The person is on a plane, and they are looking out the window. They know that the landing is happening soon, which means that the plane is going to touch down on the ground. So, where would the person be soon? They would be on the ground, at the airport. The correct answer is (E) airport. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The artist was sitting quietly pondering, then suddenly he began to paint when what struck him? Answer Choices: (A) sadness (B) anxiety (C) inspiration (D) discomfort (E) insights\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Writers with a great what can amass a large fortune? Answer Choices: (A) cookie (B) bank (C) real estate (D) imagination (E) bank roll\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify the key word in the question. The key word is \"fortune.\" Next, we need to think about what can help someone amass a large fortune. The answer choices are (A) cookie, (B) bank, (C) real estate, (D) imagination, and (E) bank roll. Out of these options, the most logical answer is (D) imagination. Writers with a great imagination can come up with unique and successful ideas that can lead to a large fortune. (B) bank and (E) bank roll could also be possible answers, but they are not as closely related to the act of writing as (D) imagination. (A) cookie and (C) real estate are not relevant to the question at all. Therefore, (D) imagination is the best answer. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The piece of paper was worth a lot of money, it was an old Apple Inc what? Answer Choices: (A) notebook (B) copy machine (C) stock certificate (D) ream (E) thumb drive\nA: Let's think step by step. The piece of paper was worth a lot of money, so it must be something valuable. It was also old, so it must be something that has been around for a while. The company Apple Inc is known for its technology products, so it must be related to that. The answer choices are (A) notebook, (B) copy machine, (C) stock certificate, (D) ream, and (E) thumb drive. Out of these options, the most likely answer is (C) stock certificate. This is because a stock certificate is a legal document that represents ownership in a company, and Apple Inc is a well-known and valuable company. The other options do not fit the description of being worth a lot of money and being related to Apple Inc. The answer is C.\n\nQ: James was looking for a good place to buy farmland.  Where might he look? Answer Choices: (A) midwest (B) countryside (C) estate (D) farming areas (E) illinois\nA: Let's think step by step. James is looking for farmland, so we can eliminate options C and E (estate and Illinois) since they do not specifically mention farmland. Option B (countryside) could be a good choice, but it is a bit vague. Option D (farming areas) is a good choice, but it is still a bit broad. Option A (Midwest) is the best choice because it specifically mentions a region known for its farmland. So, the correct answer is A) Midwest. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is a person who is good at sports considered? Answer Choices: (A) lazy (B) own house (C) talented (D) affluent (E) reproduce\nA: Let's think step by step. A person who is good at sports is someone who is skilled and successful in athletic activities. This person is likely to be physically fit, dedicated, and hardworking. They may also possess qualities such as determination, discipline, and perseverance. Based on these characteristics, we can eliminate options A, B, and D. Option E is not relevant to the context. Therefore, the correct answer is C) talented. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Writers with a great what can amass a large fortune? Answer Choices: (A) cookie (B) bank (C) real estate (D) imagination (E) bank roll\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify the key word in the question. The key word is \"fortune.\" Next, we need to think about what can help someone amass a large fortune. The answer choices are (A) cookie, (B) bank, (C) real estate, (D) imagination, and (E) bank roll. Out of these options, the most logical answer is (D) imagination. Writers with a great imagination can come up with unique and successful ideas that can lead to a large fortune. (B) bank and (E) bank roll could also be possible answers, but they are not as closely related to the act of writing as (D) imagination. (A) cookie and (C) real estate are not relevant to the question at all. Therefore, (D) imagination is the best answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: James looked up and saw the start twinkling in the black yonder.  He marveled the sheer number of them and the size of what? Answer Choices: (A) universe (B) orbit (C) night sky (D) outer space (E) his wallet\nA: Let's think step by step. James looked up and saw the stars twinkling in the black yonder. So, what is he looking at? He is looking at the night sky. Now, he is marveling at the sheer number of stars and their size. What could he be marveling at? He could be marveling at the vastness of the universe or the expanse of outer space. So, the correct answer would be (A) universe or (D) outer space. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When a human is earning money, where are they often found? Answer Choices: (A) deep thought (B) park (C) friend's house (D) place of work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. When a human is earning money, it means they are working. So, where do people usually work? The answer is (D) place of work. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What might a person be watching if they see a man with a suitcase full of money? Answer Choices: (A) baggage compartment (B) movie (C) subway (D) airplane (E) cargo hold\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man has a suitcase full of money. This suggests that he is traveling or transporting something valuable. Next, we are given a list of options to choose from. Out of these options, the most likely scenario would be that the person is watching a movie. This is because a movie can show a scene where a man is carrying a suitcase full of money, either as a main plot point or as a brief scene. The other options, such as a baggage compartment, subway, airplane, or cargo hold, do not necessarily involve a person carrying a suitcase full of money. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) movie. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) cookie (C) stock market (D) real estate (E) treasure chest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man came from old money and had a fortune. This means that he was already wealthy. Next, we know that he made new money. This means that he increased his wealth. How did he do this? By making shrewd trades. This means that he was smart and strategic in his business dealings. Now, we need to figure out where he made these trades. The answer choices are: (A) eat cake, (B) cookie, (C) stock market, (D) real estate, and (E) treasure chest. We can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not logical places to make trades. Option (E) is also unlikely because a treasure chest is not a common place for business transactions. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). The stock market is a common place for people to make trades and increase their wealth, so this is the most likely answer. Real estate is also a possibility, but it is less likely because it is not explicitly mentioned in the sentence. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stock market. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where can I put this penny to save for later? Answer Choices: (A) piggy bank (B) wallet (C) toy (D) ground (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we want to save the penny for later, so we don't want to spend it right away. That means options (B) wallet and (C) toy are not the best choices. Next, we want to keep the penny safe and in one place, so options (D) ground and (E) pocket are not the best choices either. That leaves us with option (A) piggy bank, which is specifically designed to hold and save money. So, the best answer is (A) piggy bank. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Writers with a great what can amass a large fortune? Answer Choices: (A) cookie (B) bank (C) real estate (D) imagination (E) bank roll\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If the wood texture is not smooth it is what? Answer Choices: (A) gilded (B) porous (C) solid (D) painted (E) less dense than water\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what texture means. Texture refers to the way something feels or looks. So, if the wood texture is not smooth, it means that it does not feel smooth to the touch. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) gilded means covered in gold, so this does not relate to the texture of wood. (B) porous means having small holes or spaces, which could affect the texture of wood, but it is not the opposite of smooth. (C) solid means firm or hard, which is not the opposite of smooth. (D) painted means covered in paint, which could affect the texture of wood, but it is not the opposite of smooth. (E) less dense than water means that the wood would float in water, which is not related to the texture of wood. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) porous. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? Answer Choices: (A) write sentences on paper (B) ink in (C) ink cartridges (D) caps (E) cling film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to prevent - the pen from drying out. Then, we need to think about what could cause the pen to dry out - exposure to air. Finally, we need to think about what could cover or seal the pen to prevent air from getting in - a cap or cling film. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) caps. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The low trickle of water revealed a stone, where was the stone found? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) gallbladder (C) driveway (D) river bed (E) creek bed\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the low trickle of water revealed a stone. This means that the stone was hidden or covered by the water. Next, we know that the water was a low trickle, which means it was a small amount of water. This tells us that the stone was not in a large body of water, like an ocean or a river. Instead, it was likely in a smaller body of water, like a creek or a stream. Finally, we know that the stone was revealed, or uncovered, by the water. This means that the stone was likely at the bottom of the water, and the water had to move or flow in order to reveal it. Based on all of this information, the best answer is (E) creek bed. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Athletes soak in hot tubs to relieve what after playing baseball? Answer Choices: (A) fame (B) errors (C) pain (D) strikes (E) sore muscles\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that athletes are soaking in hot tubs. This is a clue that they are trying to relieve something. What could they be trying to relieve? The next clue is that they are playing baseball. This is a clue that the thing they are trying to relieve is related to playing baseball. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) fame is not related to playing baseball. (B) errors are not related to playing baseball. (D) strikes are not related to playing baseball. This leaves us with (C) pain and (E) sore muscles. Both of these could be related to playing baseball, but the most likely answer is (E) sore muscles. This is because soaking in a hot tub is a common way for athletes to relieve sore muscles after playing sports. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) sore muscles. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer Choices: (A) carved (B) melted (C) ice cream (D) antarctica (E) sculptured\nA: Let's think step by step. First, ice is a solid form of water. When it is exposed to sunlight, it absorbs the heat and starts to warm up. As it warms up, it begins to melt and turn into liquid water. So, the correct answer is (B) melted. The answer is B.\n\nQ: James needed smooth sandpaper, but instead he got what type? Answer Choices: (A) rough (B) non smooth (C) uneven (D) plastic (E) bumpy\nA: Let's think step by step. James needed smooth sandpaper. So, what type of sandpaper is smooth? It is not rough, not non smooth, not uneven, not plastic, and not bumpy. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) rough. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A statue that shoots liquid is called a what? Answer Choices: (A) water fountain (B) large city (C) museum (D) pool (E) central park\nA: Let's think step by step. A statue is a sculpture, so it is a work of art. It is not a city, a museum, or a park. It is not a pool, because a pool is a body of water, not a statue. The correct answer is (A) water fountain. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you hear a trumpet along with other instruments made from the same material? Answer Choices: (A) music store (B) bass (C) brass band (D) orchestra (E) marching band\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to know what a trumpet is. A trumpet is a musical instrument that is made of brass and is played by blowing into it and pressing the keys. Now, let's think about where we might hear a trumpet. A music store is a place where you can buy musical instruments, but it is unlikely that you would hear a trumpet playing there. A bass is a type of guitar, so it is not made of brass and would not be played with a trumpet. A brass band is a group of musicians who play instruments made of brass, so it is possible that a trumpet would be played in a brass band. An orchestra is a large group of musicians who play different instruments, including brass instruments like trumpets. Finally, a marching band is a group of musicians who play instruments while marching in parades or at sporting events. Marching bands often include brass instruments like trumpets. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) brass band. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What does the sky do before a rain? Answer Choices: (A) appear beautiful (B) appear blue (C) shows a rainbow (D) rain water (E) cloud over\nA: Let's think step by step. Before a rain, the sky does not appear beautiful because it is usually cloudy and gray. It also does not appear blue because the clouds cover the sky. A rainbow can sometimes appear after a rain, but not before. Rain water does not affect the appearance of the sky. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) cloud over. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you get some wood if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) carpet (B) boat (C) river (D) lumberyard (E) synagogue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what wood is. Wood is a natural material that comes from trees. So, we need to find a place where there are trees. Let's look at the answer choices. A) Carpet - This is not a place where we can find trees or wood. B) Boat - This is also not a place where we can find trees or wood. C) River - While there may be trees near a river, it is not a reliable source for getting wood. D) Lumberyard - This is the best answer choice because a lumberyard is a place where wood is sold and stored. E) Synagogue - This is a place of worship and does not have anything to do with finding wood. So, the correct answer is (D) lumberyard. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If the wood texture is not smooth it is what? Answer Choices: (A) gilded (B) porous (C) solid (D) painted (E) less dense than water\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The man had a fear of illness, so he never visited friends who were a what? Answer Choices: (A) sick person (B) hospital (C) elderly person (D) graveyard (E) doctor's office\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The man had a fear of illness. So, he never visited friends who were a what? This means that the man was afraid of getting sick, so he avoided visiting people or places that could potentially make him sick. Out of the answer choices, the best option would be (A) sick person, as visiting a sick person could increase his chances of getting sick. The other options do not necessarily involve being in close contact with someone who is sick. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The man started to learn jogging, what was he hoping to do? Answer Choices: (A) exhaustion (B) getting in shape (C) fitness (D) injure himself (E) fatigue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man started to learn jogging. This means he is trying to learn how to jog. Why would someone want to learn how to jog? Jogging is a form of exercise, so perhaps he wants to exercise. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) exhaustion and (E) fatigue both mean being very tired, so these are not the correct answers. (D) injure himself is the opposite of what someone would want to do when learning a new activity, so this is not the correct answer either. This leaves us with (B) getting in shape and (C) fitness. Both of these answers are related to improving one's physical health and well-being, which is a common reason for starting to jog. However, (B) getting in shape is a more specific and direct answer, so it is the best choice. Therefore, the man was hoping to get in shape by learning how to jog. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What can disease destroy? Answer Choices: (A) rug (B) third world country (C) human body (D) hospital (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's define what a disease is. A disease is a disorder or abnormal condition that affects the body of an organism, causing specific symptoms or impairments. Now, let's think about what a disease can destroy. Since a disease affects the body, it can potentially destroy the human body. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) human body. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The man had a fear of illness, so he never visited friends who were a what? Answer Choices: (A) sick person (B) hospital (C) elderly person (D) graveyard (E) doctor's office\nA: Let's think step by step. The man had a fear of illness. So, he never visited friends who were a what? This means that the man was afraid of getting sick, so he avoided visiting people or places that could potentially make him sick. Out of the answer choices, the best option would be (A) sick person, as visiting a sick person could increase his chances of getting sick. The other options do not necessarily involve being in close contact with someone who is sick. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person needs medical attention. So, he should go to a place where he can receive medical care. That rules out options A, D, and E. Next, he needs immediate help, so he should go to a place where he can get help quickly. That rules out option B. That leaves us with option C, hospital, as the best answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: They were getting ready for a really long hike, he put the food can in his what? Answer Choices: (A) cabinet (B) house (C) recycling center (D) backpack (E) make person sick\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they were getting ready for a really long hike. Then, he put the food can in his... what? It wouldn't make sense to put the food can in a cabinet or house, as they were preparing for a hike. It also wouldn't make sense to put it in a recycling center, as that is a place for recycling, not storing food. So, the most logical answer is (D) backpack, as they were getting ready for a hike and a backpack is a common item to bring on a hike to carry supplies. (E) make person sick is not a possible answer, as it is not a location or object. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The man had a fear of illness, so he never visited friends who were a what? Answer Choices: (A) sick person (B) hospital (C) elderly person (D) graveyard (E) doctor's office\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: John was traveling to a new city and took time to check out a business.  He noticed that its carpet was stained with sauces and ketchup. What type of business might that be? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) chair (C) bowling alley (D) at hotel (E) restaurant\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. John was traveling to a new city, so it's likely that he was staying at a hotel. However, the question mentions that he took time to check out a business, so it's not a hotel. Next, we know that the carpet was stained with sauces and ketchup, which is a common occurrence in restaurants. Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) restaurant. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: What furniture will you normally find near a side chair? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) table (C) wheel barrow (D) building (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. A side chair is typically used for sitting, so it would make sense to have a table nearby for placing items or eating. A bedroom or office may also have a side chair for sitting at a desk or vanity. A wheelbarrow and building are not typically associated with side chairs. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) table. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Dan fell off a bar stool.  He did this because he was what than ever before? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) drunker (C) tavern (D) restaurant (E) shorter\nA: Let's think step by step. Dan fell off a bar stool. This means that he was sitting on a bar stool and then he fell off of it. So, what could have caused him to fall off the bar stool? One possible reason could be that he was not sitting properly on the stool. Another reason could be that he lost his balance. But why would he lose his balance? This could be because he was not in a stable state. And what could cause him to not be in a stable state? One possible answer could be that he was drunk. So, the correct answer is (B) drunker. Dan fell off a bar stool because he was drunker than ever before. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work, but once he got to his destination he balled it up and put it somewhere. Where did it put it? Answer Choices: (A) trash (B) floor (C) subway (D) ground (E) lawn\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work. This means that he was holding the newspaper in his hands while he was on his way to work. 2. Once he got to his destination, he balled it up. This means that he crumpled the newspaper into a ball. 3. Finally, he put it somewhere. This means that he placed the balled up newspaper in a specific location. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The carpet was smelly and discouraged the league from playing there, where was this smelly carpet installed? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) movie theater (C) bowling alley (D) church (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. The league was discouraged from playing there because of the smelly carpet. So, the carpet was installed in a place where people play. Out of the given options, the most likely place where people play is a bowling alley. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) bowling alley. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you put uncooked crab meat? Answer Choices: (A) wharf (B) red lobster (C) tidepools (D) boss's office (E) stew pot\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that uncooked crab meat is not a living crab, so it wouldn't be found in a natural environment like tidepools. It also wouldn't be found in a restaurant like Red Lobster or in a workplace like the boss's office. That leaves us with two options: the wharf or a stew pot. The wharf is a place where seafood is often caught and sold, so it's possible that uncooked crab meat could be found there. However, the most likely place for uncooked crab meat would be in a stew pot, as that is where it would be cooked and prepared for consumption. So, the correct answer is (E) stew pot. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John was traveling to a new city and took time to check out a business.  He noticed that its carpet was stained with sauces and ketchup. What type of business might that be? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) chair (C) bowling alley (D) at hotel (E) restaurant\nA: Let's think step by step. John was traveling to a new city, so it's likely that he was staying at a hotel. However, the question mentions that he took time to check out a business, so it's not a hotel. Next, we know that the carpet was stained with sauces and ketchup, which is a common occurrence in restaurants. Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) restaurant. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John was traveling to a new city and took time to check out a business.  He noticed that its carpet was stained with sauces and ketchup. What type of business might that be? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) chair (C) bowling alley (D) at hotel (E) restaurant\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The planet Mercury is unsuitable for human life or what? Answer Choices: (A) toxic (B) uninhabitable (C) mercury sulphide (D) poisonous (E) jupiter\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the planet Mercury is a planet in our solar system. Next, we know that it is not suitable for human life. This means that it is not a place where humans can live comfortably or survive. So, what is the reason for this? The answer choices are: (A) toxic, (B) uninhabitable, (C) mercury sulphide, (D) poisonous, and (E) jupiter. Out of these options, the most likely answer is (B) uninhabitable, as it means not suitable for living. The other options may also be true, but they are not the main reason why Mercury is unsuitable for human life. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) uninhabitable. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is hard to read note likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) fridge (B) sheet music (C) desk (D) bed (E) medical chart\nA: Let's think step by step. A hard to read note is likely to be in a place where it is not easily accessible or visible. It could also be in a place where it is not meant to be read by others. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (E) medical chart. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The earth is one planet in what? Answer Choices: (A) tree (B) orbit (C) solar system (D) fotograph (E) dreams\nA: Let's think step by step. The earth is a planet, which means it is a large, round object that orbits around a star. So, the earth is one planet in a solar system. A solar system is a collection of planets, moons, and other objects that orbit around a central star. So, the correct answer is (C) solar system. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous and can lead to serious head and what? Answer Choices: (A) going somewhere (B) splats (C) cancer (D) getting wet (E) spinal injuries\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous. This means that there is a risk of harm or injury involved. Next, we know that this can lead to serious head and what? The word \"and\" suggests that the second thing is related to the first thing. So, we can infer that the second thing is also a type of harm or injury that can result from diving into backyard pools. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) going somewhere does not make sense in this context. (B) splats is not a type of harm or injury. (C) cancer is a serious health condition, but it is not directly related to diving into backyard pools. (D) getting wet is not a type of harm or injury. (E) spinal injuries, on the other hand, are a type of harm or injury that can result from diving into backyard pools. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spinal injuries. The answer is E.\n\nQ: WHat leads to an early death? Answer Choices: (A) poisonous gas (B) homicide (C) cinder (D) nuclear weapons (E) cyanide\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what leads to an early death. The answer choices are: (A) poisonous gas, (B) homicide, (C) cinder, (D) nuclear weapons, and (E) cyanide. Out of these options, the most likely answer is (B) homicide, as it refers to the act of killing another person. Poisonous gas, cinder, nuclear weapons, and cyanide can also lead to death, but they are not as commonly associated with an early death as homicide. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) homicide. The answer is B.\n\nQ: John knew that the sun produced a massive amount of energy in two forms.  If you were on the surface of the sun, what would kill you first? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) heat (C) life on earth (D) wrinkles (E) light\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the sun produces a massive amount of energy in two forms. These two forms are heat and light. So, we can eliminate options (A) ocean, (C) life on earth, and (D) wrinkles because they are not related to the energy produced by the sun. This leaves us with options (B) heat and (E) light. Now, if you were on the surface of the sun, you would be exposed to extreme heat and intense light. However, heat is a more immediate danger as it can cause severe burns and damage to your body. On the other hand, light may cause damage over time, but it would not kill you instantly. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) heat. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What kind of path do comets tend to have? Answer Choices: (A) ice (B) set orbits (C) universe (D) space (E) solid nucleus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a comet? A comet is a small, icy object that orbits the sun. Next, what is a path? A path is the route or course that something follows. So, what kind of path do comets tend to have? Comets tend to have set orbits, meaning they follow a specific path around the sun. This is because they are affected by the gravitational pull of the sun and other planets, which keeps them in a relatively stable orbit. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) set orbits. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Why did the heavy metal band need electricity at the stadium? Answer Choices: (A) concert (B) bedroom (C) make person sick (D) building (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the heavy metal band is performing at a stadium. This means that they are most likely having a concert. So, the answer is (A) concert. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The vet found malignant tumors on the animals, what is their likely fate? Answer Choices: (A) euthanasia (B) pass water (C) die of cancer (D) feel pain (E) feel pleasure\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what does \"malignant\" mean? It means harmful or cancerous. So, the animals have cancer. What is the likely fate of animals with cancer? They will likely die of cancer. So, the correct answer is (C) die of cancer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Metal is used to make what? Answer Choices: (A) junkyard (B) ore (C) instruments (D) metal fabrication shop (E) bowls\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that metal is a material. So, it cannot be used to make a place like a junkyard or a shop. Next, we know that metal is usually found in the form of ore, but it is not used to make ore. So, we can eliminate options A and B. Now, let's look at the remaining options. Metal can be used to make instruments, metal fabrication shops, and bowls. However, metal fabrication shops are places where metal is processed, not made. So, we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with options C and E. Metal can be used to make instruments like guitars, drums, and trumpets. It can also be used to make bowls, which are commonly used for eating or cooking. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) instruments and (E) bowls. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The planet Mercury is unsuitable for human life or what? Answer Choices: (A) toxic (B) uninhabitable (C) mercury sulphide (D) poisonous (E) jupiter\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: James knew that he shouldn't have been buying beer for minors.  He didn't even get paid for it.  Why was this bad? Answer Choices: (A) lose money (B) fun (C) have no money (D) broken law (E) relaxation\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. James knew that he shouldn't have been buying beer for minors. Why? Because it is illegal. So, the answer is (D) broken law. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John wanted scatter his wife's remains in a lake in the wilderness.  He had to delay before of where he lived.  Where did he live? Answer Choices: (A) mountains (B) dead body (C) pay debts (D) state park (E) new york\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. John wanted to scatter his wife's remains in a lake in the wilderness. 2. He had to delay before of where he lived. 3. Where did he live? Based on the information given, we can infer that John lived in a place that was not close to the lake in the wilderness where he wanted to scatter his wife's remains. This means that he did not live in the mountains or a state park, as those would be closer to the wilderness. He also did not live in a dead body (as that is not a place) or in a place called \"pay debts.\" Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) New York, as it is a place that is not close to the wilderness and could potentially have a lake where John could scatter his wife's remains. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What happens someone who is bad play poker? Answer Choices: (A) think (B) ante up (C) drink (D) win money (E) losing money\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person would need to ante up, or put their initial bet into the pot. Then, they would play the game, making decisions and trying to win money. However, if they are not skilled at poker, they may end up losing money instead of winning. So, the answer is (E) losing money. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How does someone go about buying beer? Answer Choices: (A) have no money (B) pants (C) relaxation (D) lose money (E) spend money\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to have money to buy beer. So, option (A) and (D) are not correct. Next, you need to have clothes on, specifically pants, to go out and buy beer. So, option (B) is not correct. Option (C) is not directly related to buying beer, so it is not the best answer. That leaves us with option (E) - spend money. This is the correct answer because you need to exchange money for the beer in order to buy it. The answer is E.\n\nQ: James knew that he shouldn't have been buying beer for minors.  He didn't even get paid for it.  Why was this bad? Answer Choices: (A) lose money (B) fun (C) have no money (D) broken law (E) relaxation\nA: Let's think step by step. James knew that he shouldn't have been buying beer for minors. Why? Because it is illegal. So, the answer is (D) broken law. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where do people get beer after a bit of gambling? Answer Choices: (A) bottle (B) grocery store (C) casino (D) spaceship (E) hockey game\nA: Let's think step by step. First, people are gambling. Where do people usually gamble? The most common answer would be a casino. So, the answer would be (C) casino. The answer is C.\n\nQ: In the building where James worked there was a small mezzanine in the auditorium to make more space for seats.  Where might James work? Answer Choices: (A) theater (B) floors (C) concert hall (D) education (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. James works in a building. The building has an auditorium. In the auditorium, there is a small mezzanine. The purpose of the mezzanine is to make more space for seats. Based on this information, we can infer that James works in a place where there are performances or events that require an auditorium. This could be a theater, concert hall, or school. However, since the mezzanine was built to make more space for seats, it is more likely that James works in a theater or concert hall where there are larger audiences. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) theater or (C) concert hall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The teacher thought that a ferret can be very mischievous and probably wouldn't make a great pet for the entire what? Answer Choices: (A) bad mood (B) hutch (C) classroom (D) pair of trousers (E) year\nA: Let's think step by step. The teacher thought that a ferret can be very mischievous. This means that the teacher believes that ferrets are playful and like to cause trouble. The teacher also believes that a ferret probably wouldn't make a great pet. This means that the teacher does not think that a ferret would be a good choice for a pet. Finally, the teacher believes that a ferret would not make a great pet for the entire what? The answer choices are: (A) bad mood (B) hutch (C) classroom (D) pair of trousers (E) year. Out of these options, the most logical answer is (C) classroom. This is because the teacher is talking about a pet that would not be suitable for a classroom setting, where there are likely to be many students and potential for chaos. A ferret's mischievous nature would not be a good fit for a classroom environment. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) classroom. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?. Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) soccer game (C) keg (D) can (E) refrigerator\nA: Let's think step by step. Batman bought beer. So, he went to a store or a bar to buy beer. Then, we are told that there were no bottles available. This means that the store or bar did not have any bottles of beer for Batman to buy. So, he had to settle for something else. Out of the answer choices, the only one that makes sense is (D) can. This is because a can is another type of container for beer, similar to a bottle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. (A) shelf is a place where items are stored, not a type of container for beer. (B) soccer game is an event, not a type of container for beer. (C) keg is a large barrel used to store and dispense beer, not a type of container for beer. (E) refrigerator is a household appliance used to keep food and drinks cold, not a type of container for beer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) can. The answer is D.\n\nQ: James knew that he shouldn't have been buying beer for minors.  He didn't even get paid for it.  Why was this bad? Answer Choices: (A) lose money (B) fun (C) have no money (D) broken law (E) relaxation\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: John was my neighbor, it was easy to talk to him. He was never what? Answer Choices: (A) away (B) distant (C) remote person (D) bore (E) foe\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. 1. John was my neighbor. 2. It was easy to talk to him. 3. He was never what? Based on the context, we can eliminate options A, D, and E because they do not fit the description of John being easy to talk to. Option C, \"remote person,\" is also unlikely because it does not make sense in the sentence. This leaves us with option B, \"distant,\" which means not friendly or not willing to talk. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) distant. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: What may I place the telephone on? Answer Choices: (A) bar (B) friend's house (C) desktop (D) party (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where we can place the telephone. The options given are: bar, friend's house, desktop, party, and office. Out of these options, the most suitable place to place a telephone would be a desktop. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) desktop. The answer is C.\n\nQ: John wanted scatter his wife's remains in a lake in the wilderness.  He had to delay before of where he lived.  Where did he live? Answer Choices: (A) mountains (B) dead body (C) pay debts (D) state park (E) new york\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. John wanted to scatter his wife's remains in a lake in the wilderness. 2. He had to delay before of where he lived. 3. Where did he live? Based on the information given, we can infer that John lived in a place that was not close to the lake in the wilderness where he wanted to scatter his wife's remains. This means that he did not live in the mountains or a state park, as those would be closer to the wilderness. He also did not live in a dead body (as that is not a place) or in a place called \"pay debts.\" Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) New York, as it is a place that is not close to the wilderness and could potentially have a lake where John could scatter his wife's remains. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John and Joe like planning games but Joe  was hit by a ball and fell down. What might have happened to Joe. Answer Choices: (A) anger (B) good natured ribbing. (C) enjoying (D) injury (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that John and Joe like planning games. This means that they enjoy playing games together. However, something happened to Joe. He was hit by a ball and fell down. This suggests that he may have been injured. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) injury. The answer is D.\n\nQ: How will you communicate if you are far away from who you want to communicate with? Answer Choices: (A) think (B) talk with people (C) talk to people (D) speak out (E) send email\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are far away from someone, you cannot physically talk to them or speak out to them. You can, however, talk with other people who are closer to the person you want to communicate with and ask them to pass on your message. Another option is to send an email, which is a form of electronic communication that can reach someone who is far away. So, the correct answer is (E) send email. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John was my neighbor, it was easy to talk to him. He was never what? Answer Choices: (A) away (B) distant (C) remote person (D) bore (E) foe\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. John was my neighbor. 2. It was easy to talk to him. 3. He was never what? Based on the context, we can eliminate options A, D, and E because they do not fit the description of John being easy to talk to. Option C, \"remote person,\" is also unlikely because it does not make sense in the sentence. This leaves us with option B, \"distant,\" which means not friendly or not willing to talk. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) distant. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you find people standing in a line outside? Answer Choices: (A) bus depot (B) end of line (C) opera (D) neighbor's house (E) meeting\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where people would stand in a line. This could be a place where people are waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (C) opera and (E) meeting because people usually don't stand in a line outside these places. Next, we need to think about where people would stand in a line outside. This could be a place where people are waiting for transportation or for a specific event. So, the best answer would be (A) bus depot, where people often stand in a line to board a bus. Option (B) end of line could also be a possible answer, but it is not a specific place. Option (D) neighbor's house is also not a specific place where people would stand in a line outside. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) bus depot. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The electricity went out and everyone was shrouded in darkness.  They all remained in their seats, because it would have been dangerous to try to find there way out.  Where mihgt they have been? Answer Choices: (A) opera (B) concert (C) basement (D) bedroom (E) grand canyon\nA: Let's think step by step. The electricity went out, so it's likely that they were in a building or structure that relies on electricity for lighting. They all remained in their seats, so it's likely that they were in a place where people sit for an extended period of time. It would have been dangerous to try to find their way out, so it's likely that they were in a large, unfamiliar space. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (A) opera or (B) concert. Both of these events take place in large, darkened theaters or auditoriums where people sit for an extended period of time. The other options, (C) basement, (D) bedroom, and (E) Grand Canyon, do not fit the clues given. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Joe is a  squirrel, which is an animal. He probably lives in what sort of place. Answer Choices: (A) pet store (B) outside (C) woodland (D) ocean (E) cafe\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joe is a squirrel, which is an animal. So, we can eliminate options (A) pet store and (E) cafe, as these are not natural habitats for animals. Next, we know that squirrels are typically found in trees and are known for gathering and storing nuts. This leads us to the most likely answer, (C) woodland, as this is a type of forest or wooded area where trees and nuts can be found. Option (B) outside is a bit too general and could refer to any outdoor location, so it is not as specific as (C) woodland. Option (D) ocean is also not a suitable answer, as squirrels are land animals and do not live in water. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) woodland. The answer is C.\n\nQ: John bought a new water hose.  But he found his old one near his car.  Where did he find the old one? Answer Choices: (A) garden shed (B) hardware store (C) greenhouse (D) garage (E) in a van\nA: Let's think step by step. First, John bought a new water hose. So, he must have gone to a store to buy it. The answer choices are (A) garden shed, (B) hardware store, (C) greenhouse, (D) garage, and (E) in a van. Out of these options, the most likely place for John to buy a water hose would be a hardware store. So, we can eliminate options (A), (C), and (E). Next, we know that John found his old water hose near his car. This suggests that the old water hose was most likely stored in a place close to his car. The most logical option would be a garage, as that is where people usually store items related to their car. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) garage. The answer is D.\n\nQ: John was my neighbor, it was easy to talk to him. He was never what? Answer Choices: (A) away (B) distant (C) remote person (D) bore (E) foe\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: They passed a apple tree on their way to the racetrack, the were going to watch the biggest motorsport spectacle in the world where? Answer Choices: (A) maryland (B) indiana (C) on tv (D) park (E) new jersey\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, they passed an apple tree. Then, they were going to watch the biggest motorsport spectacle in the world. So, where could this be? It's not likely to be on TV or in a park, as those are not physical locations. It's also not likely to be in Maryland or New Jersey, as those are states and not specific locations. That leaves us with Indiana. So, the answer is (B) Indiana. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: I picked from an apple tree outside of Fort Wayne, where am I? Answer Choices: (A) woods (B) illinois (C) indiana (D) washington state (E) tampa\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that you are outside of Fort Wayne. Fort Wayne is a city in Indiana. So, we can eliminate options B, D, and E. Next, we know that you picked from an apple tree. Apple trees are commonly found in orchards or in the wild, such as in woods or forests. However, since you specifically mentioned an apple tree, we can eliminate option A (woods) as it is too general. This leaves us with option C (Indiana) as the most likely answer. Therefore, you are most likely in Indiana. The answer is C.\n\nQ: They were hoping their campaign would create a rise in awareness of the problem and hopefully do what to its effect? Answer Choices: (A) set (B) fall (C) park (D) descend (E) reduce\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The campaign would create a rise in awareness of the problem. This means that more people would become aware of the problem. 2. The effect of this rise in awareness would hopefully do something. 3. What would they hope for the effect to do? They would hope for the effect to reduce the problem. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) reduce. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: James tore the antenna off of his boat due to bad reception as he was crossing the channel from France.  Where was he going? Answer Choices: (A) river (B) television (C) india (D) england (E) europe\nA: Let's think step by step. James was crossing the channel from France. This means he was leaving France and going somewhere else. The answer choices are: river, television, India, England, and Europe. We can eliminate river and television because they are not places that someone can physically travel to. We can also eliminate India because it is not a country that is close to France. This leaves us with England and Europe. Since James was crossing the channel, it is most likely that he was going to England, which is separated from France by the English Channel. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) England. The answer is D.\n\nQ: They passed a apple tree on their way to the racetrack, the were going to watch the biggest motorsport spectacle in the world where? Answer Choices: (A) maryland (B) indiana (C) on tv (D) park (E) new jersey\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they passed an apple tree. Then, they were going to watch the biggest motorsport spectacle in the world. So, where could this be? It's not likely to be on TV or in a park, as those are not physical locations. It's also not likely to be in Maryland or New Jersey, as those are states and not specific locations. That leaves us with Indiana. So, the answer is (B) Indiana. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The electricity went out and everyone was shrouded in darkness.  They all remained in their seats, because it would have been dangerous to try to find there way out.  Where mihgt they have been? Answer Choices: (A) opera (B) concert (C) basement (D) bedroom (E) grand canyon\nA: Let's think step by step. The electricity went out, so it's likely that they were in a building or structure that relies on electricity for lighting. They all remained in their seats, so it's likely that they were in a place where people sit for an extended period of time. It would have been dangerous to try to find their way out, so it's likely that they were in a large, unfamiliar space. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (A) opera or (B) concert. Both of these events take place in large, darkened theaters or auditoriums where people sit for an extended period of time. The other options, (C) basement, (D) bedroom, and (E) Grand Canyon, do not fit the clues given. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where are  you likely to find a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) fast food restaurant (B) pizza (C) ground up dead cows (D) mouth (E) cow carcus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a hamburger is a type of food. So, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not related to food. Next, we know that a hamburger is a popular food item that is often served in restaurants. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is not a location. This leaves us with options (A) and (B). However, pizza is not typically associated with hamburgers, so the correct answer is (A) fast food restaurant. The answer is A.\n\nQ: James bought a new set of tire chains and put them somewhere he could find them.  Where would he put them? Answer Choices: (A) gear shift (B) garage (C) kitchen (D) jewelry store (E) hardware store\nA: Let's think step by step. James bought a new set of tire chains. Tire chains are used for cars, so we can assume that James has a car. Now, where would he put them? Would he put them in the gear shift? No, because the gear shift is inside the car and tire chains are used outside the car. Would he put them in the kitchen? No, because the kitchen is also inside the house and tire chains are used for cars. Would he put them in a jewelry store or hardware store? No, because those are places where you buy tire chains, not where you put them. So, the most logical answer would be (B) garage, because that is where you would store car-related items. The answer is B.\n\nQ: They passed a apple tree on their way to the racetrack, the were going to watch the biggest motorsport spectacle in the world where? Answer Choices: (A) maryland (B) indiana (C) on tv (D) park (E) new jersey\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The audience cheered when a goal was scored, what were they spectating? Answer Choices: (A) school (B) sporting event (C) concert hall (D) show (E) television\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The audience cheered when a goal was scored. This suggests that the event was a game or competition of some sort. The audience is also present in person, rather than watching from a distance, so we can eliminate option E (television). Option A (school) and option C (concert hall) do not typically host sporting events, so we can eliminate those as well. This leaves us with options B (sporting event) and D (show). While both of these options could potentially involve scoring goals, the word \"cheered\" suggests a more enthusiastic and energetic response, which is more commonly associated with a sporting event. Therefore, the most likely answer is option B (sporting event). The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is the hopeful result of going to see a play? Answer Choices: (A) sit (B) being entertained (C) jobless (D) meet (E) laugh\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to see a play, you are going to a theater. So, you are going to sit in a theater. But, that's not the hopeful result. The hopeful result is what you expect to happen when you go to see a play. So, what do you expect to happen when you go to see a play? You expect to be entertained, right? So, the hopeful result of going to see a play is being entertained. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) being entertained. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The woman is watching television and trying to forget her day, what is her goal? Answer Choices: (A) entertainment (B) falling asleep (C) getting fat (D) crying (E) relaxation\nA: Let's think step by step. The woman is watching television. Why? To forget her day. So, her goal is to forget her day. What is the purpose of watching television? To forget her day. So, her goal is to forget her day. What is the purpose of forgetting her day? To relax. So, her goal is relaxation. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) relaxation. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He was beginning to regret taking the fight when he saw how what his opponent was? Answer Choices: (A) fun (B) joy (C) satisfaction (D) confident (E) pride\nA: Let's think step by step. He was beginning to regret taking the fight. Why? Because he saw something about his opponent. What did he see? He saw how his opponent was...confident. So the correct answer is (D) confident. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The neighborhood had a great sense of community, there was always a crowd at the landing of the what? Answer Choices: (A) stairwell (B) arena (C) ocean (D) airport (E) apartment building\nA: Let's think step by step. The neighborhood had a great sense of community, so it is likely that people would gather together in a common area. The landing of the stairwell is a possible answer, as it is a common area in an apartment building where people can gather and chat. The arena is less likely, as it is a larger space and may not be easily accessible to everyone in the neighborhood. The ocean and airport are also unlikely, as they are not typically places where people would gather in a neighborhood setting. Therefore, the best answer is (E) apartment building. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The audience cheered when a goal was scored, what were they spectating? Answer Choices: (A) school (B) sporting event (C) concert hall (D) show (E) television\nA: Let's think step by step. The audience cheered when a goal was scored. This suggests that the event was a game or competition of some sort. The audience is also present in person, rather than watching from a distance, so we can eliminate option E (television). Option A (school) and option C (concert hall) do not typically host sporting events, so we can eliminate those as well. This leaves us with options B (sporting event) and D (show). While both of these options could potentially involve scoring goals, the word \"cheered\" suggests a more enthusiastic and energetic response, which is more commonly associated with a sporting event. Therefore, the most likely answer is option B (sporting event). The answer is B.\n\nQ: The gimmicky low brow TV show was about animals when they what? Answer Choices: (A) sick (B) mammals (C) males (D) bite (E) attack\nA: Let's think step by step. The show is about animals. What do animals do? They can get sick, but that doesn't make sense in the context of a TV show. They can be mammals, but that's not really a \"gimmick.\" They can be males, but that doesn't really make sense either. They can bite, but that's not really a \"gimmick\" either. So the answer must be E) attack. The show is probably about animals attacking people or other animals in some way. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The audience cheered when a goal was scored, what were they spectating? Answer Choices: (A) school (B) sporting event (C) concert hall (D) show (E) television\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is likely to satisfy someone's curiosity? Answer Choices: (A) hear news (B) read book (C) see favorite show (D) comedy show (E) go somewhere\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what curiosity means. Curiosity is a strong desire to know or learn something. So, what could satisfy this desire? Hearing news or going somewhere may provide some information, but it may not fully satisfy someone's curiosity. Reading a book or watching a show could potentially satisfy someone's curiosity, as they can provide in-depth information and knowledge about a particular topic. However, the best answer would be (B) read book, as books are known to be a great source of information and can satisfy a person's curiosity about a wide range of topics. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: From where do aliens arrive? Answer Choices: (A) outer space (B) weekly world news (C) roswell (D) universe (E) mars\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that aliens are beings from other planets. This means that they do not come from Earth. So, we can eliminate options B and C, as they are related to Earth. Next, we know that outer space is a vast expanse that includes all of the planets, stars, and galaxies. So, it is possible that aliens could come from outer space. However, the universe is even larger than outer space, as it includes everything in existence. So, it is also possible that aliens could come from the universe. Lastly, Mars is a planet in our solar system, so it is a part of outer space. Therefore, the most accurate answer would be A) outer space or D) universe. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is the hopeful result of going to see a play? Answer Choices: (A) sit (B) being entertained (C) jobless (D) meet (E) laugh\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to see a play, you are going to a theater. So, you are going to sit in a theater. But, that's not the hopeful result. The hopeful result is what you expect to happen when you go to see a play. So, what do you expect to happen when you go to see a play? You expect to be entertained, right? So, the hopeful result of going to see a play is being entertained. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) being entertained. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If I am suffering from boredom, and I want to see something beautiful, what should I do? Answer Choices: (A) see art (B) see ghost (C) watch film (D) grocery shop (E) do crossword puzzle\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are feeling bored, you are probably looking for something to stimulate your senses and bring some excitement into your life. Seeing a ghost or doing a crossword puzzle may not necessarily achieve this goal. Grocery shopping may be a necessary task, but it may not provide the beauty you are seeking. Watching a film could potentially be a good option, as it can transport you to a different world and show you beautiful landscapes or scenes. However, the best answer would be to see art. This could mean visiting a museum or art gallery, attending a concert or performance, or even just taking a walk in nature and appreciating the beauty around you. Art has the power to inspire and uplift us, and can often be the perfect antidote to boredom. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The child pretended he was reading newspaper, he couldn't actually do it without what? Answer Choices: (A) patience (B) falling down (C) literacy (D) buying (E) knowing how to read\nA: Let's think step by step. The child pretended he was reading a newspaper. This means he was pretending to read. However, he couldn't actually do it. This means he wasn't actually reading. So, what does he need in order to actually read? He needs to know how to read. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) knowing how to read. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you find an office worker gossiping with their colleagues? Answer Choices: (A) water cooler (B) space shuttle (C) baby shower (D) bus stop (E) family\nA: Let's think step by step. An office worker is someone who works in an office. Gossiping is talking about other people's personal lives or rumors. Colleagues are people who work together. So, where would an office worker gossip with their colleagues? The most likely answer is (A) water cooler. The water cooler is a common area in an office where people gather to get water and take breaks. It is a popular spot for office workers to chat and catch up with their colleagues. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where is a monkey likely to enjoy being? Answer Choices: (A) banana tree (B) sailor suit (C) theatre (D) mulberry bush (E) research laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that monkeys are animals that live in the wild. They are not likely to enjoy being in a sailor suit or in a research laboratory. They may enjoy being in a theatre, but it is not a natural environment for them. That leaves us with two options: a banana tree or a mulberry bush. Monkeys are known to love eating bananas, so it is likely that they would enjoy being in a banana tree. However, they may also enjoy being in a mulberry bush, as they are known to eat a variety of fruits and berries. Therefore, the best answer is (A) banana tree or (D) mulberry bush. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is likely to satisfy someone's curiosity? Answer Choices: (A) hear news (B) read book (C) see favorite show (D) comedy show (E) go somewhere\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: She feared that she had cancer, but upon discovering truth that she hadn't, what was her attitude toward life? Answer Choices: (A) conclusion (B) pain (C) happiness (D) relief (E) boring\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, she feared that she had cancer. Then, she discovered the truth that she didn't have cancer. How would she feel after discovering this truth? She would feel relieved. So, the correct answer is (D) relief. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The woman is watching television and trying to forget her day, what is her goal? Answer Choices: (A) entertainment (B) falling asleep (C) getting fat (D) crying (E) relaxation\nA: Let's think step by step. The woman is watching television. Why? To forget her day. So, her goal is to forget her day. What is the purpose of watching television? To forget her day. So, her goal is to forget her day. What is the purpose of forgetting her day? To relax. So, her goal is relaxation. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) relaxation. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The cancer patient was expecting to die, so he made out his what? Answer Choices: (A) not to live (B) write will (C) never want (D) seek help (E) go to hell\nA: Let's think step by step. The cancer patient was expecting to die. What do people usually do when they know they are going to die? They make preparations. What is one common preparation that people make when they know they are going to die? They write a will. So, the correct answer is (B) write will. The answer is B.\n\nQ: It was a long trip from the farm, so he stayed in a hotel when he arrived at the what? Answer Choices: (A) bed away from home (B) wwii bunker (C) resort (D) las vegas (E) city\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he was on a farm. Then, he took a trip. Finally, he arrived at a place where he stayed. What kind of place would he stay at after a long trip? A hotel! So, the correct answer is (E) city. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) ready parlor for guests (C) welcome guests (D) work room (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. The hostess was good at her job. What was her job? Her job was to welcome guests. So, the answer is (C) welcome guests. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The vet found malignant tumors on the animals, what is their likely fate? Answer Choices: (A) euthanasia (B) pass water (C) die of cancer (D) feel pain (E) feel pleasure\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what does \"malignant\" mean? It means harmful or cancerous. So, the animals have cancer. What is the likely fate of animals with cancer? They will likely die of cancer. So, the correct answer is (C) die of cancer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: She feared that she had cancer, but upon discovering truth that she hadn't, what was her attitude toward life? Answer Choices: (A) conclusion (B) pain (C) happiness (D) relief (E) boring\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: His house was a mess, he began doing housework to get what? Answer Choices: (A) boredom (B) nice home (C) michigan (D) feeling satisfied (E) house clean\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, his house was a mess. Then, he began doing housework. Why did he do housework? To get a nice home! So, the correct answer is (B) nice home. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He wanted to live somewhere were every yard was uniform in size and landscaping, where should he look for a house? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) three feet (C) subdivision (D) parking garage (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wants to live somewhere where every yard is uniform in size and landscaping. This means that all the yards should be the same size and have the same type of landscaping. This is most likely to be found in a subdivision, where all the houses are built by the same developer and have similar features. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) subdivision. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If my husband never helps me doing housework, what might that lead to? Answer Choices: (A) boredom (B) arguments (C) headache (D) exhaustion (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. If your husband never helps you doing housework, it means that you have to do all the housework by yourself. This can lead to exhaustion (D) because you have to do all the work alone and it can be physically and mentally draining. It can also lead to arguments (B) because you may feel resentful and frustrated that your husband is not helping you. This can cause tension and conflicts in your relationship. It can also lead to boredom (A) because doing the same tasks over and over again without any help can become monotonous and dull. It is unlikely to lead to a headache (C) or a park (E), as those are not directly related to the situation. The answer is B.\n\nQ: John loved to paint houses.  How did he usually do it? Answer Choices: (A) clothes get stained (B) with brush (C) wallpaper (D) electrical circuit (E) draw\nA: Let's think step by step. First, John loved to paint houses. So, he must have used some tools to paint the houses. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (C) wallpaper and (D) electrical circuit are not related to painting houses. (E) draw is also not related because drawing is different from painting. So, we are left with (A) clothes get stained and (B) with brush. (A) clothes get stained is not a method of painting, it is a result of painting. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) with brush. The answer is B.\n\nQ: It was a long trip from the farm, so he stayed in a hotel when he arrived at the what? Answer Choices: (A) bed away from home (B) wwii bunker (C) resort (D) las vegas (E) city\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he was on a farm. Then, he took a trip. Finally, he arrived at a place where he stayed. What kind of place would he stay at after a long trip? A hotel! So, the correct answer is (E) city. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The business men left the discussion in the dressing room, now they just wanted to relax in the sauna of the what? Answer Choices: (A) brush hair (B) theater (C) house (D) dwelling (E) bathhouse\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the business men left the discussion in the dressing room. Then, they wanted to relax. So, what kind of place would they go to relax? The answer choices are: brush hair, theater, house, dwelling, and bathhouse. Out of these options, the most likely place for them to relax would be a bathhouse. So, the answer is (E) bathhouse. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) cookie (C) stock market (D) real estate (E) treasure chest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man came from old money and had a fortune. This means that he was already wealthy. Next, we know that he made new money. This means that he increased his wealth. How did he do this? By making shrewd trades. This means that he was smart and strategic in his business dealings. Now, we need to figure out where he made these trades. The answer choices are: (A) eat cake, (B) cookie, (C) stock market, (D) real estate, and (E) treasure chest. We can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not logical places to make trades. Option (E) is also unlikely because a treasure chest is not a common place for business transactions. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). The stock market is a common place for people to make trades and increase their wealth, so this is the most likely answer. Real estate is also a possibility, but it is less likely because it is not explicitly mentioned in the sentence. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stock market. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: His house was a mess, he began doing housework to get what? Answer Choices: (A) boredom (B) nice home (C) michigan (D) feeling satisfied (E) house clean\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: When you travel you should what in case of unexpected costs? Answer Choices: (A) go somewhere (B) energy (C) spend frivilously (D) fly in airplane (E) have money\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. When you travel, you should have money in case of unexpected costs. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you travel you should what in case of unexpected costs? Answer Choices: (A) go somewhere (B) energy (C) spend frivilously (D) fly in airplane (E) have money\nA: Let's think step by step. When you travel, you should have money in case of unexpected costs. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If somebody buys something and gives it to me as a free gift, what is the cost status of the gift? Answer Choices: (A) deadly (B) imprisoned (C) paid for (D) expensive (E) in prison\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Somebody buys something - This means that the person has paid for the item. 2. Gives it to me as a free gift - This means that the person is giving the item to you without expecting anything in return. 3. Cost status of the gift - This refers to the status of the cost of the gift, or in other words, whether it was paid for or not. Based on these steps, the correct answer would be (C) paid for. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What could you use to get to some airplanes? Answer Choices: (A) taxi (B) carry people (C) car (D) stall (E) crash\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to get to the airport. A taxi or a car could both be used to get to the airport. Once we are at the airport, we need to get to the airplanes. A taxi or a car could also be used to get to the airplanes, but they may not be able to drive directly onto the runway. Instead, we could use a stall, which is a small structure or booth, to get onto the runway and access the airplanes. We definitely do not want to crash into the airplanes, as that would be dangerous and destructive. So, the best answer would be (A) taxi or (C) car. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What might a person be watching if they see a man with a suitcase full of money? Answer Choices: (A) baggage compartment (B) movie (C) subway (D) airplane (E) cargo hold\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man has a suitcase full of money. This suggests that he is traveling or transporting something valuable. Next, we are given a list of options to choose from. Out of these options, the most likely scenario would be that the person is watching a movie. This is because a movie can show a scene where a man is carrying a suitcase full of money, either as a main plot point or as a brief scene. The other options, such as a baggage compartment, subway, airplane, or cargo hold, do not necessarily involve a person carrying a suitcase full of money. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) movie. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you travel you should what in case of unexpected costs? Answer Choices: (A) go somewhere (B) energy (C) spend frivilously (D) fly in airplane (E) have money\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: James wanted to find an old underground map from the 50s.  Where might he look for one? Answer Choices: (A) library (B) subway station (C) county engineer's office (D) super market (E) home\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. James is looking for an old underground map from the 50s. This means he is looking for a map of a subway system from the 1950s. Where would he be most likely to find this type of map? A library may have historical maps, but it is not a specific place for subway maps. A subway station is a good option, but it may not have maps from the 50s. A county engineer's office may have maps, but it is not a common place for the general public to access. A supermarket would not have underground maps. That leaves us with (E) home. It is possible that James has a collection of old maps at home, including an underground map from the 50s. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) home. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you find magazines along side many other printed works? Answer Choices: (A) doctor (B) bookstore (C) market (D) train station (E) mortuary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that has many printed works. A doctor's office may have some magazines, but it is not a place where you would find many printed works. A market may have some magazines, but it is not a place where you would find many printed works either. A mortuary is not a place where you would find printed works at all. That leaves us with two options: a bookstore and a train station. Both of these places have a variety of printed works, including magazines. However, a bookstore is specifically dedicated to selling printed works, so it is the best answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) bookstore. The answer is B.\n\nQ: James was looking for a good place to buy farmland.  Where might he look? Answer Choices: (A) midwest (B) countryside (C) estate (D) farming areas (E) illinois\nA: Let's think step by step. James is looking for farmland, so we can eliminate options C and E (estate and Illinois) since they do not specifically mention farmland. Option B (countryside) could be a good choice, but it is a bit vague. Option D (farming areas) is a good choice, but it is still a bit broad. Option A (Midwest) is the best choice because it specifically mentions a region known for its farmland. So, the correct answer is A) Midwest. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: James tore the antenna off of his boat due to bad reception as he was crossing the channel from France.  Where was he going? Answer Choices: (A) river (B) television (C) india (D) england (E) europe\nA: Let's think step by step. James was crossing the channel from France. This means he was leaving France and going somewhere else. The answer choices are: river, television, India, England, and Europe. We can eliminate river and television because they are not places that someone can physically travel to. We can also eliminate India because it is not a country that is close to France. This leaves us with England and Europe. Since James was crossing the channel, it is most likely that he was going to England, which is separated from France by the English Channel. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) England. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you were lost you might need a map, the best place to find one on the road is at any what? Answer Choices: (A) truck stop (B) amusement park (C) atlas (D) mall (E) gas station\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are lost, what do you need? You need a map. Where can you find a map? You can find a map at a gas station. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) gas station. The answer is E.\n\nQ: In the building where James worked there was a small mezzanine in the auditorium to make more space for seats.  Where might James work? Answer Choices: (A) theater (B) floors (C) concert hall (D) education (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. James works in a building. The building has an auditorium. In the auditorium, there is a small mezzanine. The purpose of the mezzanine is to make more space for seats. Based on this information, we can infer that James works in a place where there are performances or events that require an auditorium. This could be a theater, concert hall, or school. However, since the mezzanine was built to make more space for seats, it is more likely that James works in a theater or concert hall where there are larger audiences. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) theater or (C) concert hall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: They wanted to try blowfish, so they went to get some where? Answer Choices: (A) atlantic ocean (B) books (C) france (D) aquarium (E) fish market\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they wanted to try blowfish. Blowfish is a type of fish that is known for being a delicacy in some cultures. So, where would they go to get some blowfish? They could go to the Atlantic Ocean, but that would require them to catch the fish themselves. They could also go to an aquarium, but that would just allow them to see the fish, not eat it. Books and France are not related to getting blowfish at all. That leaves us with the fish market. The fish market is a place where people can buy different types of fish, including blowfish. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) fish market. The answer is E.\n\nQ: James bought a new set of tire chains and put them somewhere he could find them.  Where would he put them? Answer Choices: (A) gear shift (B) garage (C) kitchen (D) jewelry store (E) hardware store\nA: Let's think step by step. James bought a new set of tire chains. Tire chains are used for cars, so we can assume that James has a car. Now, where would he put them? Would he put them in the gear shift? No, because the gear shift is inside the car and tire chains are used outside the car. Would he put them in the kitchen? No, because the kitchen is also inside the house and tire chains are used for cars. Would he put them in a jewelry store or hardware store? No, because those are places where you buy tire chains, not where you put them. So, the most logical answer would be (B) garage, because that is where you would store car-related items. The answer is B.\n\nQ: James wanted to find an old underground map from the 50s.  Where might he look for one? Answer Choices: (A) library (B) subway station (C) county engineer's office (D) super market (E) home\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where is a good idea but not required to have a fire extinguisher? Answer Choices: (A) school bus (B) boat (C) house (D) hospital (E) school\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand the purpose of a fire extinguisher. A fire extinguisher is a device used to control or extinguish small fires. It is not required to have a fire extinguisher in all places, but it is a good idea to have one in case of emergencies. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (D) because they are not typically places where fires would occur. This leaves us with options (C) and (E), both of which could potentially have fires. However, a house is a more common place for a fire to occur, so it would be a better idea to have a fire extinguisher there. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) house. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Why would you take a bus to work? Answer Choices: (A) commute (B) flying (C) get somewhere (D) travel (E) go home\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to get to work. You could walk, but that might take a long time. You could drive, but maybe you don't have a car or you don't want to deal with traffic and parking. You could take a taxi, but that might be expensive. So, taking a bus is a good option because it is a form of transportation that can get you to work without having to deal with traffic or parking, and it is usually more affordable than a taxi. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) commute. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The electrode wouldn't spark, it turned out that the what hadn't been connected? Answer Choices: (A) battery (B) electronic equipment (C) electrolytic cell (D) charge (E) tube\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what an electrode is. An electrode is a conductor through which electricity enters or leaves an object, substance, or region. So, in this case, the electrode is used to create a spark, which means it needs electricity to function. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) battery, as it is the source of electricity that powers the electrode. Without a battery, the electrode would not have any electricity to create a spark. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where is a good place to have a fireplace in a house? Answer Choices: (A) big house (B) train (C) cabin (D) living room (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. A fireplace is typically used for warmth and ambiance, so it would make sense to have it in a place where people spend a lot of time and want to feel cozy. A big house could have multiple fireplaces, but it would depend on the layout and purpose of each room. A train is not a practical place for a fireplace, as it is constantly moving and would be a fire hazard. A cabin, on the other hand, is a great place for a fireplace as it is often used as a vacation or retreat home and people want to feel warm and cozy in a natural setting. However, the most common and practical place for a fireplace would be in the living room of a home. This is where people gather to relax, entertain, and spend time with family and friends. So, the best answer would be (D) living room. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What would you be building if you designed a place for an annoying critter to stay? Answer Choices: (A) spread disease (B) swamp (C) fly away (D) cat condo (E) bug campers\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is for an annoying critter to stay. This means that the place should be designed to keep the critter contained and prevent it from bothering others. Next, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not fit this purpose. Option (C) does not make sense in this context. Option (D) could work, but it seems more like a place for a pet cat to stay rather than an annoying critter. This leaves us with option (E), bug campers. This could be a suitable option because it implies a small, contained space for the critter to stay in, while also acknowledging that it is a temporary residence. Therefore, the answer is (E) bug campers. The answer is E.\n\nQ: James is carrying a duffel bag with him because he doesn't have a vehicle of his own and needs a bag to carry his things in while he uses what? Answer Choices: (A) library (B) transit (C) bus station (D) army barracks (E) locker room\nA: Let's think step by step. James doesn't have a vehicle of his own, so he needs to use something else to get around. The answer choices are library, transit, bus station, army barracks, and locker room. Which of these options is most likely to provide transportation for James? The answer is transit, which is a system of public transportation such as buses or trains. Therefore, James is most likely using transit to get around and is carrying a duffel bag with him to carry his things while he travels. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where is a good idea but not required to have a fire extinguisher? Answer Choices: (A) school bus (B) boat (C) house (D) hospital (E) school\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where is a doormat likely to be in front of? Answer Choices: (A) facade (B) front door (C) doorway (D) entrance porch (E) hallway\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. A doormat is a mat that is placed in front of a door. So, where is a door usually located? A door is usually located at the entrance of a building or a room. So, a doormat is likely to be in front of the entrance, which is usually the front door. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) front door. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: What room would you find many bookcases and is used for contemplation? Answer Choices: (A) study (B) house (C) homw (D) kitchen (E) den\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The first clue is \"many bookcases\". This suggests that the room is likely to be a place for storing and reading books. 2. The second clue is \"contemplation\". This means that the room is used for quiet thinking and reflection. 3. Putting these clues together, the answer is most likely (A) study, as this is a room specifically designed for reading, studying, and quiet contemplation. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: In a horror movie victims usually trip when the run in order to do what in regards to the killer? Answer Choices: (A) frightened (B) run up stairs (C) get away from (D) go quickly (E) go faster\nA: Let's think step by step. In a horror movie, victims usually trip when they run. Why do they run? They run to get away from the killer. So, the answer is (C) get away from. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where is a human likely to go as a result of being hungry? Answer Choices: (A) eat in restaurant (B) make bread (C) have lunch (D) cook dinner (E) friends house\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person is hungry. What is the first thing they might do? They might want to eat something. So, which answer choice involves eating something? Answer choice (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, and (D) cook dinner all involve eating something. Answer choice (B) make bread does not necessarily involve eating something, and answer choice (E) friend's house does not necessarily involve eating something either. So, the most likely answer is (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, or (D) cook dinner. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sarah gave her brother a guy to her home.  While she was gone, he used it to do what? Answer Choices: (A) front door (B) turn lock (C) solution to problem (D) install (E) open doors\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah gave her brother a key to her home. What can he do with a key? He can use it to open doors. So the correct answer is (E) open doors. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where is a doormat likely to be in front of? Answer Choices: (A) facade (B) front door (C) doorway (D) entrance porch (E) hallway\nA: Let's think step by step. A doormat is a mat that is placed in front of a door. So, where is a door usually located? A door is usually located at the entrance of a building or a room. So, a doormat is likely to be in front of the entrance, which is usually the front door. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) front door. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you expect to find white mice? Answer Choices: (A) bell cat (B) bush (C) attic (D) countryside (E) laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. White mice are commonly used in scientific research, so we can eliminate options (A) and (B) as they do not seem like places where mice would be used for research. Option (C) is a possibility, as mice could potentially find their way into an attic. However, the most likely answer is (E) laboratory, as this is where white mice are specifically bred and kept for research purposes. Option (D) countryside is also a possibility, as mice can be found in many different environments, but it is not as specific as (E) laboratory. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) laboratory. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If I put in my key and open a hinged door, where am I likely entering? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) safe (C) own house (D) building (E) pantry\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you put in your key, which means you are likely at a locked door. Then, you open the door, which means you are entering through the door. Based on the answer choices, the most likely answer is (C) own house, as you are using a key to enter your own home. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where is a doormat likely to be in front of? Answer Choices: (A) facade (B) front door (C) doorway (D) entrance porch (E) hallway\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The two played video games all night in the living room, he enjoyed visiting where? Answer Choices: (A) formal seating (B) friend's house (C) movies (D) home (E) apartment\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that the two played video games all night in the living room. This means that they were at home. Next, we know that he enjoyed visiting somewhere. Based on this information, we can eliminate options (A) formal seating, (C) movies, and (E) apartment, as they do not fit the context. That leaves us with options (B) friend's house and (D) home. Since the two were already at home, it is unlikely that he would enjoy visiting his own home. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) friend's house. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you get together with friends to watch film, you might do plenty of this? Answer Choices: (A) see what happens (B) enjoy stories (C) pass time (D) have fun (E) interesting\nA: Let's think step by step. When you get together with friends to watch film, what do you do? You watch the film, right? So, what do you do while you watch the film? You might do plenty of things, but what is the most likely thing you would do? You would probably have fun, right? So, the correct answer is (D) have fun. The answer is D.\n\nQ: She had an interest in the man, what did she want to do with him? Answer Choices: (A) see particular program (B) see exhibits (C) see people play game (D) have conversation (E) watch film\nA: Let's think step by step. She had an interest in the man. What does that mean? It means she was attracted to him or curious about him. Now, what would she want to do with someone she is interested in? She might want to get to know them better or spend time with them. So, out of the answer choices, which one best fits that idea? (D) have conversation. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A man wants air conditioning while we watches the game on Saturday, where will it likely be installed? Answer Choices: (A) car (B) house (C) offices (D) park (E) movie theatre\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man wants air conditioning. This means that he wants to be in a cool and comfortable environment. Next, we know that he wants to watch the game on Saturday. This suggests that he wants to be in a place where he can watch TV. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (B) house, as this is where most people have air conditioning and can watch TV comfortably. The other options, such as (A) car, (C) offices, (D) park, and (E) movie theatre, do not necessarily have air conditioning or may not be suitable for watching TV. The answer is B.\n\nQ: I took my seat, the curtains drew back and I enjoyed the what? Answer Choices: (A) airplane (B) movie (C) auditorium (D) theatre (E) show\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you took your seat. Then, the curtains drew back. Finally, you enjoyed something. Based on this information, we can eliminate options (A) airplane and (C) auditorium, as they do not fit the context. Option (B) movie could be a possibility, but it doesn't make sense for curtains to draw back in a movie theater. That leaves us with options (D) theatre and (E) show. Both of these options could fit the context, but option (E) show is a more general term that could encompass a variety of performances, while option (D) theatre specifically refers to a building or space for performances. Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) show. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where is a monkey likely to enjoy being? Answer Choices: (A) banana tree (B) sailor suit (C) theatre (D) mulberry bush (E) research laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that monkeys are animals that live in the wild. They are not likely to enjoy being in a sailor suit or in a research laboratory. They may enjoy being in a theatre, but it is not a natural environment for them. That leaves us with two options: a banana tree or a mulberry bush. Monkeys are known to love eating bananas, so it is likely that they would enjoy being in a banana tree. However, they may also enjoy being in a mulberry bush, as they are known to eat a variety of fruits and berries. Therefore, the best answer is (A) banana tree or (D) mulberry bush. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What might I place under the furniture? Answer Choices: (A) rug (B) room (C) toy (D) friend's house (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is the furniture? It could be a couch, a table, a chair, etc. Next, what could you place under the furniture? A rug could go under a couch or table. A toy could also go under a couch or table. A friend's house or building would not typically go under furniture. So, the best answer would be either (A) rug or (C) toy. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The two played video games all night in the living room, he enjoyed visiting where? Answer Choices: (A) formal seating (B) friend's house (C) movies (D) home (E) apartment\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where could a sloth live? Answer Choices: (A) tropical jungle (B) manual (C) work (D) transit (E) countryside\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what a sloth is. A sloth is a type of animal, specifically a mammal. Sloths are known for being slow-moving and spending most of their time hanging upside down in trees. So, where would a sloth be able to do this? Definitely not in a manual, work, or transit setting. These are all human-made environments that would not be suitable for a sloth. The countryside could be a possibility, but it may not have the right type of trees for a sloth to live in. That leaves us with the tropical jungle. This is the best answer because it is a natural environment with tall trees that sloths can hang from and plenty of leaves for them to eat. So, the correct answer is (A) tropical jungle. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where could a sloth live? Answer Choices: (A) tropical jungle (B) manual (C) work (D) transit (E) countryside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what a sloth is. A sloth is a type of animal, specifically a mammal. Sloths are known for being slow-moving and spending most of their time hanging upside down in trees. So, where would a sloth be able to do this? Definitely not in a manual, work, or transit setting. These are all human-made environments that would not be suitable for a sloth. The countryside could be a possibility, but it may not have the right type of trees for a sloth to live in. That leaves us with the tropical jungle. This is the best answer because it is a natural environment with tall trees that sloths can hang from and plenty of leaves for them to eat. So, the correct answer is (A) tropical jungle. The answer is A.\n\nQ: To get out of there the person had to keep on walking, they had to keep on what? Answer Choices: (A) moving forward (B) locomotion (C) blisters (D) rollerskate (E) exercise\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person had to keep on walking. Then, what did they have to do? They had to keep on moving forward. So, the correct answer is (A) moving forward. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where is a human likely to go as a result of being hungry? Answer Choices: (A) eat in restaurant (B) make bread (C) have lunch (D) cook dinner (E) friends house\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person is hungry. What is the first thing they might do? They might want to eat something. So, which answer choice involves eating something? Answer choice (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, and (D) cook dinner all involve eating something. Answer choice (B) make bread does not necessarily involve eating something, and answer choice (E) friend's house does not necessarily involve eating something either. So, the most likely answer is (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, or (D) cook dinner. The answer is A.\n\nQ: james told his son to settle down and be careful.  There were many frogs mating in the area, and James didn't want his son to do what to them? Answer Choices: (A) wander (B) migrate (C) scare (D) disturb (E) agitate\nA: Let's think step by step. James told his son to settle down and be careful. Why? Because there were many frogs mating in the area. So, what does James not want his son to do to the frogs? He doesn't want his son to do what to them? The answer choices are: (A) wander (B) migrate (C) scare (D) disturb (E) agitate. Which one of these words means to bother or disrupt? That's right, it's (D) disturb. James doesn't want his son to disturb the frogs while they are mating. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What would you use to find a place to stay? Answer Choices: (A) mexico (B) phone book (C) town (D) city (E) sun dial\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to decide where you want to stay. The options given are Mexico, town, and city. So, you could use a map or a travel guide to research different places in Mexico, a specific town, or a specific city. Once you have narrowed down your options, you could use a phone book or an online search engine to find hotels, hostels, or rental properties in that location. A sun dial would not be a practical tool for finding a place to stay. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The tiger was stuck in what animal prison where he got lazy and fat? Answer Choices: (A) jungle (B) zoo (C) kill (D) india (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the tiger was stuck in an animal prison. This means that he was not free to roam around and do as he pleased. Next, we know that he got lazy and fat. This suggests that he was not getting enough exercise and was probably being overfed. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) jungle doesn't make sense because a jungle is a natural habitat for a tiger and he wouldn't be stuck there. (D) India also doesn't make sense because it is a country and not a place where a tiger would be stuck. (E) Eat cake is not a place or a type of prison. This leaves us with (B) zoo and (C) kill. (C) Kill doesn't make sense because it is not a place and it doesn't fit with the context of the sentence. This leaves us with (B) zoo as the correct answer. A zoo is a type of animal prison where animals are kept in captivity for people to come and see. In this case, the tiger got lazy and fat because he was not able to hunt and roam freely like he would in the wild. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) zoo. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Though a mouse might prefer your house, you might also see him where? Answer Choices: (A) tin (B) department store (C) garden (D) small hole (E) cupboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the sentence says \"Though a mouse might prefer your house\". This means that the mouse would rather be in your house than somewhere else. Next, the sentence says \"you might also see him where?\" This means that the mouse could be seen in other places besides your house. So, the correct answer would be (C) garden, (D) small hole, or (E) cupboard. These are all places where a mouse could potentially be seen. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where could a sloth live? Answer Choices: (A) tropical jungle (B) manual (C) work (D) transit (E) countryside\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where would you display a picture on a horizontal surface? Answer Choices: (A) microwave (B) desktop (C) shelf (D) art show (E) wall\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, what is a horizontal surface? A horizontal surface is a flat surface that is parallel to the ground. Next, where would you display a picture on a horizontal surface? You could display it on a desktop (B), shelf (C), or wall (E). However, a microwave (A) is not a suitable surface for displaying a picture, and an art show (D) is a specific event or location, not a surface. Therefore, the best answer is (B) desktop. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where can you put a picture frame when it's not hung vertically? Answer Choices: (A) art show (B) wall (C) newspaper (D) car (E) table\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the picture frame is not hung vertically, so it cannot be on a wall. It also cannot be in a newspaper or a car. This leaves us with two options: an art show or a table. Since an art show is a specific event or location, it is less likely to be the correct answer. Therefore, the best answer is (E) table. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What kind of food makes someone sick? Answer Choices: (A) boat (B) necessary to live (C) edible (D) unhealthy (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a boat is not food, so it cannot make someone sick. Second, something that is necessary to live, like water or air, is not food either. Third, edible means that something can be eaten, so it is not necessarily unhealthy. Fourth, a kitchen is a place where food is prepared, but it is not food itself. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) unhealthy. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The table wasn't level.  some parts were higher and some were lower with no rhyme or reason.   It was very what? Answer Choices: (A) electrical circuit (B) build evenly (C) uneven (D) unbalanced (E) tilted\nA: Let's think step by step. The table wasn't level. This means that it was not flat and even. Some parts were higher and some were lower. This means that the surface of the table was not consistent. There was no rhyme or reason, meaning that there was no logical or predictable pattern to the unevenness. Putting all of this together, we can say that the table was very uneven. So, the correct answer is (C) uneven. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you find a large dining room containing a fancy chandelier? Answer Choices: (A) mansion (B) every house (C) own home (D) table (E) restaurant\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A dining room is a room in a house where people eat meals. 2. A large dining room would be bigger than a regular dining room, so it would likely be found in a bigger house. 3. A fancy chandelier is a decorative light fixture, often found in elegant or luxurious settings. 4. Putting all of this together, the most likely answer would be (A) mansion, as mansions are large, luxurious houses that would likely have a large dining room with a fancy chandelier. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If a storey contained a panoramic view, what kind of structure would it be in? Answer Choices: (A) horizontal room (B) storey book (C) mall (D) tall building (E) book of stories\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a panoramic view? A panoramic view is a wide and unobstructed view of an area. Next, what kind of structure would have a panoramic view? A tall building would be the most likely answer, as it would provide a high vantage point for a wide and unobstructed view. Therefore, the correct answer would be (D) tall building. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What would you put meat on top of to cook it? Answer Choices: (A) oil (B) freezer (C) ham sandwich (D) oven (E) frying pan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to thaw the meat if it was in the freezer. Then, you would need to season the meat with oil or other spices. Next, you would need to cook the meat in some way. You could put it in the oven, but that would take a while. You could also put it in a frying pan, which would cook it faster. So, the best answer would be (E) frying pan. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you put a plate immediately after eating from it? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen cupboard (B) floor (C) table (D) dishwasher (E) flea market\nA: Let's think step by step. After eating from a plate, you would typically want to clean it. So, the best place to put it would be in the dishwasher (D) or on the kitchen counter to be washed later. Putting it in the kitchen cupboard (A) or on the table (C) would be a bit premature, as it would still need to be washed. Putting it on the floor (B) or at a flea market (E) would not make sense at all. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you display a picture on a horizontal surface? Answer Choices: (A) microwave (B) desktop (C) shelf (D) art show (E) wall\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Computers have allowed everybody to answer questions they have quickly, but still we seem to be getting duller despite access to this what? Answer Choices: (A) economic boom (B) advance knowledge (C) produce sound (D) teach (E) follow instructions\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to find the main idea of the sentence. The main idea is that computers have allowed everybody to answer questions quickly. Now, we need to find the missing word that completes the sentence. The missing word should describe the effect of computers on people. The correct answer is (B) advance knowledge. Computers have allowed everybody to answer questions quickly, but still we seem to be getting duller despite access to this advance knowledge. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why is it hard for a young child to read a long book? Answer Choices: (A) knowledge (B) cover (C) no pictures (D) past (E) many words\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what makes reading a long book difficult for a young child. Is it because they don't have enough knowledge? No, that can't be it. Children are constantly learning and absorbing new information. Is it because of the cover of the book? No, that doesn't make sense either. The cover of a book doesn't affect a child's ability to read it. Is it because there are no pictures? Yes, that could be a factor. Pictures can help young children understand and engage with the story. Is it because of the past? No, that doesn't seem relevant. Finally, is it because there are too many words? Yes, that is a likely reason. Young children may struggle with reading long books because they are still building their reading skills and may become overwhelmed by a large amount of text. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) many words. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you have a home with a courtyard, what's one thing you probably don't have to care for any longer? Answer Choices: (A) lawn (B) kids (C) asshole (D) spain (E) office complex\nA: Let's think step by step. A courtyard is an outdoor space that is surrounded by walls or buildings. So, if you have a courtyard, you probably don't have to care for a lawn any longer because the walls or buildings would cover the ground and prevent grass from growing. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) lawn. The answer is A.\n\nQ: How is a child eager to be going to play likely to get there? Answer Choices: (A) slowly (B) rush (C) being entertained (D) have fun (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the child is eager to play. This means that the child is excited and can't wait to start playing. Next, the question asks how the child is likely to get there. This means that we need to think about how the child will physically get to the place where they will play. The answer choices are (A) slowly, (B) rush, (C) being entertained, (D) have fun, and (E) enjoyment. Out of these choices, the best answer is (B) rush. This is because if the child is eager to play, they will most likely want to get there quickly so they can start having fun. They may even run or move quickly to get there faster. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The child may have fun and enjoy themselves once they get there, but that is not related to how they physically get there. Being entertained also does not make sense because the child is not being entertained while they are on their way to play. Finally, slowly does not make sense because the child is eager and excited, so they would not want to move slowly. Therefore, the best answer is (B) rush. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Computers have allowed everybody to answer questions they have quickly, but still we seem to be getting duller despite access to this what? Answer Choices: (A) economic boom (B) advance knowledge (C) produce sound (D) teach (E) follow instructions\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find the main idea of the sentence. The main idea is that computers have allowed everybody to answer questions quickly. Now, we need to find the missing word that completes the sentence. The missing word should describe the effect of computers on people. The correct answer is (B) advance knowledge. Computers have allowed everybody to answer questions quickly, but still we seem to be getting duller despite access to this advance knowledge. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The child pretended he was reading newspaper, he couldn't actually do it without what? Answer Choices: (A) patience (B) falling down (C) literacy (D) buying (E) knowing how to read\nA: Let's think step by step. The child pretended he was reading a newspaper. This means he was pretending to read. However, he couldn't actually do it. This means he wasn't actually reading. So, what does he need in order to actually read? He needs to know how to read. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) knowing how to read. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When a human is earning money, where are they often found? Answer Choices: (A) deep thought (B) park (C) friend's house (D) place of work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. When a human is earning money, it means they are working. So, where do people usually work? The answer is (D) place of work. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A loud machine is irritating, but many are expected where? Answer Choices: (A) museum (B) house (C) laboratory (D) library (E) industrial area\nA: Let's think step by step. A loud machine is irritating. So, we can eliminate (A) museum, (B) house, (D) library. Because these places are not expected to have loud machines. Now, we are left with (C) laboratory and (E) industrial area. A laboratory is a place where experiments are conducted, so it is not expected to have loud machines. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) industrial area. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where might a mouse be found to make it country? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) cook (C) computer lab (D) old barn (E) research laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that is in the country. The options that could be in the country are (D) old barn and (E) research laboratory. Next, we need to find a place where a mouse might be found. Mice are often found in places where they can find food, so (A) kitchen and (B) cook are not likely options. Mice are also not commonly found in computer labs, so (C) computer lab is also not a likely option. Therefore, the best answer would be (D) old barn, as mice are often found in barns where they can find food and shelter. The answer is D.\n\nQ: All the power tools like the drill used for fixing cars made for a very loud workplace where? Answer Choices: (A) basement (B) work shop (C) tool shed (D) repair shop (E) store room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the power tools are used for fixing cars. This means that the workplace is likely a place where cars are being repaired. This eliminates options (A), (C), and (E) because they are not typically associated with car repair. Next, we know that the workplace is loud because of the power tools. This suggests that it is a busy and active place, which eliminates option (B) because a workshop is typically a quieter and more controlled environment. This leaves us with option (D), repair shop, as the most likely answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Computers have allowed everybody to answer questions they have quickly, but still we seem to be getting duller despite access to this what? Answer Choices: (A) economic boom (B) advance knowledge (C) produce sound (D) teach (E) follow instructions\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What rubber toy filled with helium will make a child happy? Answer Choices: (A) loved (B) learn (C) eat cake (D) balloon (E) become adult\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the toy is filled with helium, so it must be a balloon. Next, we know that the toy will make a child happy, so we can eliminate options (B), (C), and (E) since they do not relate to happiness. Finally, we can eliminate option (A) since a rubber toy cannot feel emotions like love. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) balloon. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: If student got a list of supplies from class like paper and pencils, their parent would have to go where? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) parking garage (C) store (D) backpack (E) cabinet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the student would need to get the list of supplies from class. This would most likely happen in the classroom. Then, the parent would need to go to a place where they can purchase the supplies. This would most likely be a store. So, the correct answer is (C) store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What could you get an unsmooth pit from? Answer Choices: (A) backyard (B) rock (C) mine (D) cherry (E) peach\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a pit is a hard seed inside a fruit. So, we can eliminate options A, B, and C because they are not related to fruits. Now, we are left with options D and E. Both cherry and peach have pits, but the question asks about an unsmooth pit. This means that the pit is not smooth, it has some roughness or bumps. So, the correct answer would be option E, peach. Peach pits are known to have a rough and bumpy texture. The answer is E.\n\nQ: A child wants to play, what would they likely want? Answer Choices: (A) fall down (B) breathe (C) play tag (D) be dismembered by a chainsaw (E) become adult\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options B and E because they are not related to playing. Next, we can eliminate option D because it is violent and not a typical desire for a child. This leaves us with options A and C. While children may enjoy falling down, it is not typically something they actively seek out. Therefore, the most likely answer is C) play tag. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What rubber toy filled with helium will make a child happy? Answer Choices: (A) loved (B) learn (C) eat cake (D) balloon (E) become adult\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the toy is filled with helium, so it must be a balloon. Next, we know that the toy will make a child happy, so we can eliminate options (B), (C), and (E) since they do not relate to happiness. Finally, we can eliminate option (A) since a rubber toy cannot feel emotions like love. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) balloon. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The child was politely waiting for dessert, he was eventually rewarded for his what? Answer Choices: (A) timing (B) expenditure of time (C) getting bored (D) anger (E) patience\nA: Let's think step by step. The child was waiting for dessert. He was waiting for a reward. What did he do while waiting? He was polite. He was not getting angry or bored. He was waiting patiently. So, the correct answer is (E) patience. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What could you use to get to some airplanes? Answer Choices: (A) taxi (B) carry people (C) car (D) stall (E) crash\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to get to the airport. A taxi or a car could both be used to get to the airport. Once we are at the airport, we need to get to the airplanes. A taxi or a car could also be used to get to the airplanes, but they may not be able to drive directly onto the runway. Instead, we could use a stall, which is a small structure or booth, to get onto the runway and access the airplanes. We definitely do not want to crash into the airplanes, as that would be dangerous and destructive. So, the best answer would be (A) taxi or (C) car. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find a toy soldier that is being played with? Answer Choices: (A) toy box (B) movies (C) child's hand (D) toybos (E) child park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a toy soldier is a type of toy. So, it would make sense that it would be found in a place where toys are kept or played with. This eliminates options B and E. Next, we know that the toy soldier is being played with, so it would likely be in the possession of a child. This eliminates option D. Finally, we know that the child is actively playing with the toy soldier, so it would most likely be in their hand. This leaves us with option C, child's hand, as the correct answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: She wanted a kitten and puppy so why did she only get the puppy? Answer Choices: (A) one choice for pet (B) cute (C) kennel (D) soft (E) waxy\nA: Let's think step by step. The girl wanted a kitten and a puppy. This means she wanted two pets. However, she only got the puppy. This means she had to make a choice between the kitten and the puppy. So, the correct answer is (A) one choice for pet. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What might I place under the furniture? Answer Choices: (A) rug (B) room (C) toy (D) friend's house (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is the furniture? It could be a couch, a table, a chair, etc. Next, what could you place under the furniture? A rug could go under a couch or table. A toy could also go under a couch or table. A friend's house or building would not typically go under furniture. So, the best answer would be either (A) rug or (C) toy. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What rubber toy filled with helium will make a child happy? Answer Choices: (A) loved (B) learn (C) eat cake (D) balloon (E) become adult\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is someone doing if he or she is sitting quietly and his or her eyes are moving? Answer Choices: (A) reading (B) meditate (C) fall asleep (D) bunk (E) think\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person is sitting quietly. This means that they are not talking or making noise. Next, we know that their eyes are moving. This could mean that they are reading, meditating, falling asleep, bunking, or thinking. Out of these options, the most likely answer is (E) think. When someone is thinking, their eyes may move as they process information or visualize something in their mind. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) think. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: What room would you find many bookcases and is used for contemplation? Answer Choices: (A) study (B) house (C) homw (D) kitchen (E) den\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The first clue is \"many bookcases\". This suggests that the room is likely to be a place for storing and reading books. 2. The second clue is \"contemplation\". This means that the room is used for quiet thinking and reflection. 3. Putting these clues together, the answer is most likely (A) study, as this is a room specifically designed for reading, studying, and quiet contemplation. The answer is A.\n\nQ: How does a planet usually move around the sun? Answer Choices: (A) writing (B) universe (C) outer space (D) outerspace (E) orbit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a planet is a celestial body that orbits around a star. In our solar system, the sun is the star that all the planets orbit around. So, we can eliminate choices (A) writing, (B) universe, and (D) outerspace because they are not related to the movement of a planet around the sun. Next, we know that the term \"outer space\" refers to the vast expanse beyond Earth's atmosphere, so it is not specific enough to describe the movement of a planet around the sun. This leaves us with choice (E) orbit, which is the correct answer. A planet moves around the sun in an orbit, which is a curved path due to the gravitational pull of the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) orbit. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you need to rest it's often because you have been doing what? Answer Choices: (A) action (B) sleep (C) sleeping (D) in motion (E) using energy\nA: Let's think step by step. When you need to rest, it's often because you feel tired or exhausted. Why do you feel tired or exhausted? It's because you have been using energy. So, the correct answer is (E) using energy. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is someone usually doing if someone else is talking to him or her? Answer Choices: (A) listening (B) language (C) looking at eyes (D) planning the perfect murder (E) voice\nA: Let's think step by step. If someone else is talking to him or her, that means the person is not talking themselves. So, we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Option D is not a likely answer, as it is not a common or appropriate response to someone talking to you. That leaves us with option A, listening, as the most likely answer. When someone is talking to you, you are usually listening to what they are saying. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) listening. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The juror was quite bored and zoning out but wanted to convey he was hearing testimony, so he just sat there doing what? Answer Choices: (A) take notes (B) nodding (C) change of heart (D) writing down (E) listening\nA: Let's think step by step. The juror was bored and zoning out, but he wanted to convey that he was hearing testimony. This means that he wanted to show that he was paying attention, even though he was actually bored and zoning out. So, what could he do to show that he was paying attention? He could take notes, nod, have a change of heart, write down, or listen. Out of these options, the most likely choice is (B) nodding. Nodding is a common way to show that you are listening and understanding what someone is saying. It is a subtle movement that can convey that you are engaged in the conversation or, in this case, the testimony. So, the correct answer is (B) nodding. The answer is B.\n\nQ: As he looked out the window, he knew the landing was happening soon, and it made him nervous, but where would he be soon? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) disembark (C) stairwell (D) deplane (E) airport\nA: Let's think step by step. The person is on a plane, and they are looking out the window. They know that the landing is happening soon, which means that the plane is going to touch down on the ground. So, where would the person be soon? They would be on the ground, at the airport. The correct answer is (E) airport. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What might I place under the furniture? Answer Choices: (A) rug (B) room (C) toy (D) friend's house (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is the furniture? It could be a couch, a table, a chair, etc. Next, what could you place under the furniture? A rug could go under a couch or table. A toy could also go under a couch or table. A friend's house or building would not typically go under furniture. So, the best answer would be either (A) rug or (C) toy. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is someone doing if he or she is sitting quietly and his or her eyes are moving? Answer Choices: (A) reading (B) meditate (C) fall asleep (D) bunk (E) think\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Joan was a baby, so there were many things she couldn't do, which caused problems for her parents.  Name one thing that makes raising a baby difficult. Answer Choices: (A) arrive early (B) learn to walk (C) boy or girl (D) bring joy (E) talk nonsense\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joan is a baby, so she is very young. This means that she is still developing and learning new skills. One thing that makes raising a baby difficult is that they are not able to communicate effectively. Babies cannot talk or express their needs and wants clearly, which can cause frustration for both the baby and their parents. This is why learning to talk is an important milestone for babies. So, the correct answer is (E) talk nonsense. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Why is it hard for a young child to read a long book? Answer Choices: (A) knowledge (B) cover (C) no pictures (D) past (E) many words\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what makes reading a long book difficult for a young child. Is it because they don't have enough knowledge? No, that can't be it. Children are constantly learning and absorbing new information. Is it because of the cover of the book? No, that doesn't make sense either. The cover of a book doesn't affect a child's ability to read it. Is it because there are no pictures? Yes, that could be a factor. Pictures can help young children understand and engage with the story. Is it because of the past? No, that doesn't seem relevant. Finally, is it because there are too many words? Yes, that is a likely reason. Young children may struggle with reading long books because they are still building their reading skills and may become overwhelmed by a large amount of text. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) many words. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time? Answer Choices: (A) shelter (B) floor (C) warm place (D) farmhouse (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the kitten's mother is a mouser, meaning she is good at catching mice. Next, we know that the kitten is going to grow up to be a mouser like its mother. So, where would the kitten need to spend most of its time in order to learn how to be a good mouser? The best answer would be (D) farmhouse, as this is where the mother would most likely be catching mice and the kitten could observe and learn from her. The answer is D.\n\nQ: How is a child eager to be going to play likely to get there? Answer Choices: (A) slowly (B) rush (C) being entertained (D) have fun (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the child is eager to play. This means that the child is excited and can't wait to start playing. Next, the question asks how the child is likely to get there. This means that we need to think about how the child will physically get to the place where they will play. The answer choices are (A) slowly, (B) rush, (C) being entertained, (D) have fun, and (E) enjoyment. Out of these choices, the best answer is (B) rush. This is because if the child is eager to play, they will most likely want to get there quickly so they can start having fun. They may even run or move quickly to get there faster. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The child may have fun and enjoy themselves once they get there, but that is not related to how they physically get there. Being entertained also does not make sense because the child is not being entertained while they are on their way to play. Finally, slowly does not make sense because the child is eager and excited, so they would not want to move slowly. Therefore, the best answer is (B) rush. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do children require to grow up healthy? Answer Choices: (A) need care (B) come home (C) fast food (D) watch television (E) wash dishes\nA: Let's think step by step. What do children need to grow up healthy? First, they need care. This means that they need someone to take care of them, to make sure they are safe, healthy, and happy. Next, they need to come home. This means that they need a safe and stable place to live. Third, they need to eat healthy food. Fast food is not a good choice because it is often high in fat, sugar, and salt, which can lead to health problems. Fourth, they need to be physically active. Watching television all day is not good for their health. Finally, they need to learn responsibility and life skills. Washing dishes is one example of a life skill that can help children become more independent and responsible. So, the correct answer is (A) need care. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Joan was a baby, so there were many things she couldn't do, which caused problems for her parents.  Name one thing that makes raising a baby difficult. Answer Choices: (A) arrive early (B) learn to walk (C) boy or girl (D) bring joy (E) talk nonsense\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joan is a baby, so she is very young. This means that she is still developing and learning new skills. One thing that makes raising a baby difficult is that they are not able to communicate effectively. Babies cannot talk or express their needs and wants clearly, which can cause frustration for both the baby and their parents. This is why learning to talk is an important milestone for babies. So, the correct answer is (E) talk nonsense. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What could you use to get to some airplanes? Answer Choices: (A) taxi (B) carry people (C) car (D) stall (E) crash\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to get to the airport. A taxi or a car could both be used to get to the airport. Once we are at the airport, we need to get to the airplanes. A taxi or a car could also be used to get to the airplanes, but they may not be able to drive directly onto the runway. Instead, we could use a stall, which is a small structure or booth, to get onto the runway and access the airplanes. We definitely do not want to crash into the airplanes, as that would be dangerous and destructive. So, the best answer would be (A) taxi or (C) car. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If someone found out their brother was having a daughter, they would have to add a niece limb to the what? Answer Choices: (A) family picture book (B) family reunion (C) brother's house (D) family tree (E) baby shower\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person found out their brother was having a daughter. This means that the brother is going to have a daughter, making the person an aunt or uncle. So, the person would have to add a new family member to their family tree. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) family tree. The answer is D.\n\nQ: When wildlife reproduce we often refer to what comes out as what? Answer Choices: (A) raise children (B) have children (C) photo copy (D) offspring (E) accidently got pregnant somehow\nA: Let's think step by step. When wildlife reproduce, they are creating new life. This new life is often referred to as offspring. So, the answer is (D) offspring. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Joan was a baby, so there were many things she couldn't do, which caused problems for her parents.  Name one thing that makes raising a baby difficult. Answer Choices: (A) arrive early (B) learn to walk (C) boy or girl (D) bring joy (E) talk nonsense\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What will happen if you inject water into yourself? Answer Choices: (A) dilute (B) thin blood (C) take several forms (D) wet clothes (E) move mountains\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that injecting water into yourself is not a recommended or safe practice. Next, we need to think about what would happen if you did this. Injecting water into yourself would not dilute anything, as the water would mix with your blood and other bodily fluids. It would not thin your blood, as your body would regulate the amount of water in your system. It would not take several forms, as the water would remain in liquid form. It would not wet your clothes, as the water would be inside your body. And it would not move mountains, as injecting water into yourself would not have any effect on the physical world. Therefore, the best answer is (C) take several forms. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: what do you fill with ink to write? Answer Choices: (A) squid (B) fountain pen (C) pencil case (D) newspaper (E) printer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to write something. What do we use to write? We use a writing tool, such as a pen or pencil. So, we can eliminate options (A), (D), and (E) because they are not writing tools. Next, we need to fill something with ink. What do we fill with ink? We fill a pen with ink. So, the correct answer is (B) fountain pen. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The low trickle of water revealed a stone, where was the stone found? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) gallbladder (C) driveway (D) river bed (E) creek bed\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the low trickle of water revealed a stone. This means that the stone was hidden or covered by the water. Next, we know that the water was a low trickle, which means it was a small amount of water. This tells us that the stone was not in a large body of water, like an ocean or a river. Instead, it was likely in a smaller body of water, like a creek or a stream. Finally, we know that the stone was revealed, or uncovered, by the water. This means that the stone was likely at the bottom of the water, and the water had to move or flow in order to reveal it. Based on all of this information, the best answer is (E) creek bed. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous and can lead to serious head and what? Answer Choices: (A) going somewhere (B) splats (C) cancer (D) getting wet (E) spinal injuries\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous. This means that there is a risk of harm or injury involved. Next, we know that this can lead to serious head and what? The word \"and\" suggests that the second thing is related to the first thing. So, we can infer that the second thing is also a type of harm or injury that can result from diving into backyard pools. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) going somewhere does not make sense in this context. (B) splats is not a type of harm or injury. (C) cancer is a serious health condition, but it is not directly related to diving into backyard pools. (D) getting wet is not a type of harm or injury. (E) spinal injuries, on the other hand, are a type of harm or injury that can result from diving into backyard pools. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spinal injuries. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Eating is part of living, but your body doesn't use it all and the next day you will be doing what? Answer Choices: (A) reduced (B) getting full (C) becoming full (D) chewing (E) defecating\nA: Let's think step by step. You eat food, your body uses some of it for energy and other functions, and then it eliminates the waste. So, the correct answer is (E) defecating. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The smelly man was having a bath, but what is he pursuing? Answer Choices: (A) hydration (B) being clear (C) personal cleanliness (D) will drown (E) use of water\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is having a bath, which means he is using water. The question asks what he is pursuing, which means what is his goal or intention. So, what is the purpose of using water in this situation? It is most likely for personal cleanliness, as taking a bath is a common way to clean oneself. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) personal cleanliness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A statue that shoots liquid is called a what? Answer Choices: (A) water fountain (B) large city (C) museum (D) pool (E) central park\nA: Let's think step by step. A statue is a sculpture, so it is a work of art. It is not a city, a museum, or a park. It is not a pool, because a pool is a body of water, not a statue. The correct answer is (A) water fountain. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What might a person be watching if they see a man with a suitcase full of money? Answer Choices: (A) baggage compartment (B) movie (C) subway (D) airplane (E) cargo hold\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man has a suitcase full of money. This suggests that he is traveling or transporting something valuable. Next, we are given a list of options to choose from. Out of these options, the most likely scenario would be that the person is watching a movie. This is because a movie can show a scene where a man is carrying a suitcase full of money, either as a main plot point or as a brief scene. The other options, such as a baggage compartment, subway, airplane, or cargo hold, do not necessarily involve a person carrying a suitcase full of money. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) movie. The answer is B.\n\nQ: A human wants to submerge himself in water, what should he use? Answer Choices: (A) whirlpool bath (B) coffee cup (C) cup (D) soft drink (E) puddle\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find something that can hold water. A whirlpool bath, cup, and soft drink can all hold water, but a coffee cup and puddle are too small. Next, we need to find something that a human can fit into. A whirlpool bath is the only option that is big enough for a human to submerge themselves in. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) whirlpool bath. The answer is A.\n\nQ: To get clean clothes you to what to them? Answer Choices: (A) get dirty (B) writing (C) use water (D) launder (E) soap\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to put your dirty clothes in the washing machine. Then, you need to add soap or detergent to the machine. Next, you need to turn on the machine and let it fill with water. After that, you need to select the appropriate cycle and let the machine do its job. Finally, when the cycle is finished, you need to take out your clean clothes and put them in the dryer or hang them to dry. So, to get clean clothes, you need to launder them. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) launder. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What will happen if you inject water into yourself? Answer Choices: (A) dilute (B) thin blood (C) take several forms (D) wet clothes (E) move mountains\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What do you write letter in in America? Answer Choices: (A) syllable (B) post office (C) envelope (D) english alphabet (E) word\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that we are writing a letter. What do we use to write a letter? We use a writing tool, such as a pen or pencil. So, we can eliminate options (B) and (D) because they are not writing tools. Next, we need to put the letter in something before we send it. What do we put a letter in? We put it in an envelope. So, the correct answer is (C) envelope. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: what do you fill with ink to write? Answer Choices: (A) squid (B) fountain pen (C) pencil case (D) newspaper (E) printer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to write something. What do we use to write? We use a writing tool, such as a pen or pencil. So, we can eliminate options (A), (D), and (E) because they are not writing tools. Next, we need to fill something with ink. What do we fill with ink? We fill a pen with ink. So, the correct answer is (B) fountain pen. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What will a person going for a jog likely be wearing? Answer Choices: (A) grope (B) acknowledgment (C) comfortable clothes (D) ipod (E) passionate kisses\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a person is going for a jog. This means they will be doing some physical activity, so they will likely want to wear comfortable clothes. This eliminates options A, B, and E. Next, we can assume that they may want to listen to music while they jog, so they may have an iPod with them. This leaves us with option D. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) iPod. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you're reading a newspaper from another country what are you doing? Answer Choices: (A) learning about world (B) education (C) get angry (D) concern (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a newspaper? A newspaper is a publication that contains news, articles, and advertisements. It is usually printed on large sheets of paper and distributed daily or weekly. Now, what does it mean to read a newspaper? Reading a newspaper means to look at the words and images on the paper and understand their meaning. So, if you're reading a newspaper from another country, you are looking at the words and images on the paper and trying to understand their meaning. This means that you are learning about the world. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) learning about the world. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The field general began to write out a letter to the king, he was told to send what when the enemy was near? Answer Choices: (A) syllable (B) english alphabet (C) word (D) email (E) invitation\nA: Let's think step by step. The field general is writing a letter to the king. What is the purpose of this letter? It is likely to inform the king about something. What is the general's main concern? The enemy is near. So, what should the general send to the king when the enemy is near? The answer is likely to be something that will help the king prepare for the enemy's arrival. Out of the answer choices, the most logical answer is (C) word. The general can send a word to the king that will alert him about the enemy's arrival and allow him to prepare for battle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The town house went right to the curb, a slot effectively made a mailbox of the what? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) front door (C) back door (D) street corner (E) porch\nA: Let's think step by step. The town house went right to the curb. This means that the town house is located right next to the curb, or the edge of the sidewalk. Now, the next part says \"a slot effectively made a mailbox.\" This means that there is a slot, or an opening, that is used as a mailbox. So, the slot is effectively made into a mailbox. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) apartment building - This doesn't make sense because the town house is not an apartment building. (B) front door - This doesn't make sense because the front door is usually located on the ground floor, not on the curb. (C) back door - This doesn't make sense because the back door is usually located at the back of the house, not on the curb. (D) street corner - This doesn't make sense because the town house is not located on a street corner. (E) porch - This doesn't make sense because the porch is usually located at the front or back of the house, not on the curb. So, the correct answer is (B) front door. The slot effectively made a mailbox out of the front door of the town house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A meteor travels through galaxies which are a part of what? Answer Choices: (A) republic of ireland (B) sky (C) orbit (D) universe (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a meteor is a small rocky or metallic body that travels through space. Next, galaxies are large systems of stars, gas, and dust held together by gravity. So, galaxies are a part of the universe, which is the vast expanse of space that contains all matter and energy. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) universe. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The department to where vendors deliver goods for sale is called what? Answer Choices: (A) delivered (B) take away (C) receiving (D) pick up (E) keep\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the department is where vendors deliver goods for sale. So, the department is the place where the goods are delivered. Next, we need to think about what happens to the goods after they are delivered. They are received by someone or something. So, the correct answer is (C) receiving. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do you write letter in in America? Answer Choices: (A) syllable (B) post office (C) envelope (D) english alphabet (E) word\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What part of a table would you put a ruler in? Answer Choices: (A) drawer (B) desk (C) the backside (D) office (E) measure distance\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, what is a ruler? A ruler is a tool used for measuring distance. Next, what is a table? A table is a piece of furniture with a flat top and one or more legs used for various purposes, such as eating, writing, or working. So, where on a table would you put a ruler? You could put it on the top of the table, but it might slide around. You could also put it on the floor, but that would be inconvenient. The best place to put a ruler on a table would be in a drawer (A) or on a desk (B), as these are flat surfaces that are typically used for writing or working. The backside (C) and office (D) are not specific parts of a table, and measure distance (E) is not a physical location. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) drawer. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: What furniture will you normally find near a side chair? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) table (C) wheel barrow (D) building (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. A side chair is typically used for sitting, so it would make sense to have a table nearby for placing items or eating. A bedroom or office may also have a side chair for sitting at a desk or vanity. A wheelbarrow and building are not typically associated with side chairs. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) table. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Flowers make a good center focal point, just one of many arrangements that look good on a what? Answer Choices: (A) market (B) table (C) countryside (D) anthology (E) vase\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that flowers make a good center focal point. This means that flowers are good for being the main focus of something. Next, we know that this is just one of many arrangements. This means that there are many different ways to arrange flowers. Finally, we know that this arrangement looks good on something. So, what is that something? It must be something that can hold flowers and make them look good. The only answer choice that fits this description is (B) table. A table can hold flowers and make them look good as a center focal point. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) table. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Why would you take a bus to work? Answer Choices: (A) commute (B) flying (C) get somewhere (D) travel (E) go home\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to get to work. You could walk, but that might take a long time. You could drive, but maybe you don't have a car or you don't want to deal with traffic and parking. You could take a taxi, but that might be expensive. So, taking a bus is a good option because it is a form of transportation that can get you to work without having to deal with traffic or parking, and it is usually more affordable than a taxi. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) commute. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The table wasn't level.  some parts were higher and some were lower with no rhyme or reason.   It was very what? Answer Choices: (A) electrical circuit (B) build evenly (C) uneven (D) unbalanced (E) tilted\nA: Let's think step by step. The table wasn't level. This means that it was not flat and even. Some parts were higher and some were lower. This means that the surface of the table was not consistent. There was no rhyme or reason, meaning that there was no logical or predictable pattern to the unevenness. Putting all of this together, we can say that the table was very uneven. So, the correct answer is (C) uneven. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the what? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) hostel (C) building (D) lobby (E) office park\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A reception desk is a type of desk that is typically located at the front entrance of a building or establishment. 2. The front entrance is the main entrance or the entrance that faces the street or parking lot. 3. So, if somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the building. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) building. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find the sharpest parts of a triangle? Answer Choices: (A) three vertices (B) point (C) 3 sides (D) three sides (E) math book\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a triangle? A triangle is a 2-dimensional shape with three straight sides and three angles. Next, what are the parts of a triangle? The parts of a triangle are the three sides and three angles. Now, what is the sharpest part of a triangle? The sharpest part of a triangle is the point where two sides meet, also known as the vertex. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) three vertices. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you put a plate immediately after eating from it? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen cupboard (B) floor (C) table (D) dishwasher (E) flea market\nA: Let's think step by step. After eating from a plate, you would typically want to clean it. So, the best place to put it would be in the dishwasher (D) or on the kitchen counter to be washed later. Putting it in the kitchen cupboard (A) or on the table (C) would be a bit premature, as it would still need to be washed. Putting it on the floor (B) or at a flea market (E) would not make sense at all. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What part of a table would you put a ruler in? Answer Choices: (A) drawer (B) desk (C) the backside (D) office (E) measure distance\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: When we are running what are we doing? Answer Choices: (A) stretches (B) running from police (C) learn to walk (D) go quickly (E) get out of bed\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what running means. Running is a form of physical activity where a person moves at a faster pace than walking. So, when we are running, we are moving our body quickly and covering more distance than we would if we were walking. This can be for various reasons, such as exercise, sports, or even running from danger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) go quickly. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Bob stands in the grass surrounded by trees and nature, where is Bob? Answer Choices: (A) rest area (B) desert (C) state park (D) fairgrounds (E) soccer game\nA: Let's think step by step. Bob is surrounded by trees and nature, so we can eliminate options B, D, and E. He is also standing in the grass, so we can eliminate option A. This leaves us with option C, state park, as the most likely answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When we are running what are we doing? Answer Choices: (A) stretches (B) running from police (C) learn to walk (D) go quickly (E) get out of bed\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what running means. Running is a form of physical activity where a person moves at a faster pace than walking. So, when we are running, we are moving our body quickly and covering more distance than we would if we were walking. This can be for various reasons, such as exercise, sports, or even running from danger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) go quickly. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If a person were going to bed, what would be their goal? Answer Choices: (A) lazy (B) insomnia (C) rest (D) falling asleep (E) dreaming of\nA: Let's think step by step. When a person goes to bed, their goal is to sleep. So, what do they need to do in order to sleep? They need to fall asleep. So, the answer is (D) falling asleep. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What did the policemen do when they heard a cry from a distance? Answer Choices: (A) run away (B) hurry along (C) fine motorists (D) direct traffic (E) help\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the policemen heard a cry from a distance. This means that they heard someone shouting or calling out for help. Next, we need to think about what the policemen's job is. They are responsible for maintaining law and order, protecting citizens, and helping those in need. So, it is unlikely that they would run away or fine motorists in this situation. They may direct traffic if there is an accident or emergency, but that is not mentioned in the question. Therefore, the best answer is (E) help. When they heard the cry, they would likely hurry along to the source of the sound and offer assistance to whoever is in need. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What area does a police officer patrol? Answer Choices: (A) direct traffic (B) city (C) beat (D) street (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a police officer's job? A police officer's job is to enforce laws and maintain public order. Next, what does it mean to patrol? To patrol means to regularly walk or drive around an area to make sure everything is safe and in order. So, what area does a police officer patrol? A police officer patrols a specific area, called a beat, within a city. This could include streets, parks, and other public areas. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) beat. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The audience cheered when a goal was scored, what were they spectating? Answer Choices: (A) school (B) sporting event (C) concert hall (D) show (E) television\nA: Let's think step by step. The audience cheered when a goal was scored. This suggests that the event was a game or competition of some sort. The audience is also present in person, rather than watching from a distance, so we can eliminate option E (television). Option A (school) and option C (concert hall) do not typically host sporting events, so we can eliminate those as well. This leaves us with options B (sporting event) and D (show). While both of these options could potentially involve scoring goals, the word \"cheered\" suggests a more enthusiastic and energetic response, which is more commonly associated with a sporting event. Therefore, the most likely answer is option B (sporting event). The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do animals do when an enemy is approaching? Answer Choices: (A) feel pleasure (B) procreate (C) pass water (D) listen to each other (E) sing\nA: Let's think step by step. When an enemy is approaching, animals are likely to feel fear or anxiety. This eliminates option (A) feel pleasure. Option (B) procreate is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to focus on survival rather than reproduction in this situation. Option (C) pass water is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to hold their bladder and focus on the approaching threat. Option (E) sing is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to use their energy to flee or defend themselves rather than sing. This leaves us with option (D) listen to each other. Animals may communicate with each other through vocalizations or body language to warn each other of the approaching enemy. This is a common survival tactic in the animal kingdom. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to each other. The answer is D.\n\nQ: To get clean clothes you to what to them? Answer Choices: (A) get dirty (B) writing (C) use water (D) launder (E) soap\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to put your dirty clothes in the washing machine. Then, you need to add soap or detergent to the machine. Next, you need to turn on the machine and let it fill with water. After that, you need to select the appropriate cycle and let the machine do its job. Finally, when the cycle is finished, you need to take out your clean clothes and put them in the dryer or hang them to dry. So, to get clean clothes, you need to launder them. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) launder. The answer is D.\n\nQ: When we are running what are we doing? Answer Choices: (A) stretches (B) running from police (C) learn to walk (D) go quickly (E) get out of bed\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Spraining an ankle while playing baseball will cause what? Answer Choices: (A) strikes (B) eating (C) injury (D) sore muscles (E) pain\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. 1. Spraining an ankle while playing baseball will cause what? 2. What happens when you sprain an ankle? 3. You experience pain and discomfort in your ankle. 4. So, the correct answer is (E) pain. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? Answer Choices: (A) write sentences on paper (B) ink in (C) ink cartridges (D) caps (E) cling film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to prevent - the pen from drying out. Then, we need to think about what could cause the pen to dry out - exposure to air. Finally, we need to think about what could cover or seal the pen to prevent air from getting in - a cap or cling film. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) caps. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What could an apple tree do? Answer Choices: (A) new hampshire (B) bloom (C) washington state (D) sunshine (E) spontaneously combust\nA: Let's think step by step. An apple tree is a type of tree that produces apples. So, it cannot be a place like New Hampshire or Washington State. It also cannot produce sunshine or spontaneously combust. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) bloom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Spraining an ankle while playing baseball will cause what? Answer Choices: (A) strikes (B) eating (C) injury (D) sore muscles (E) pain\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Spraining an ankle while playing baseball will cause what? 2. What happens when you sprain an ankle? 3. You experience pain and discomfort in your ankle. 4. So, the correct answer is (E) pain. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the least likely immediate side effect of eating hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) nausea (B) death (C) illness (D) health problems (E) gain weight\nA: Let's think step by step. Eating hamburger can cause nausea, illness, health problems, and weight gain. However, death is the least likely immediate side effect of eating hamburger. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) death. The answer is B.\n\nQ: James slamed into someone playing football, and not for the first time.  He was concerned about the consequences of many what? Answer Choices: (A) exhilaration (B) interactions (C) head injuries (D) death (E) having fun\nA: Let's think step by step. James slammed into someone playing football. This means that James collided with someone while playing football. The sentence also says that this is not the first time this has happened. So, James has collided with someone multiple times while playing football. Now, the sentence says that James is concerned about the consequences of many what? The word \"many\" indicates that there are multiple consequences that James is worried about. So, what are these consequences? The answer choices are: (A) exhilaration, (B) interactions, (C) head injuries, (D) death, and (E) having fun. Out of these options, the only one that makes sense as a consequence of repeatedly slamming into someone while playing football is (C) head injuries. This means that James is worried about getting injured in the head from these collisions. So, the correct answer is (C) head injuries. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where has the newest baseball stadium? Answer Choices: (A) phoenix (B) chicago (C) antarctica (D) san francisco (E) urban areas\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about the newest baseball stadium. This means that we need to look for a location that has a recently built baseball stadium. Next, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not specific locations. Antarctica is a continent and urban areas can refer to many different cities. This leaves us with options (A), (B), and (D). Now, we can do a quick search to see which of these locations has the newest baseball stadium. After doing some research, we can find that the newest baseball stadium is in Phoenix, Arizona. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) phoenix. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The ball was hit over a boundary and struck an audience member.  What kind of game were they playing? Answer Choices: (A) sporting event (B) sporting (C) basketball (D) society (E) ranch country\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the ball was hit over a boundary, which suggests that it was a game with boundaries, such as a field or court. This rules out options D and E. Next, we know that the ball struck an audience member, which suggests that it was a game with spectators. This rules out option C. Finally, we know that the ball was hit, which suggests that it was a game involving a ball. This rules out option D. Therefore, the most likely answer is A) sporting event. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What type of fruit is easily broken in to sections? Answer Choices: (A) slide (B) citrus (C) band (D) orchestra (E) coconut\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what type of fruit is being described. The clue is that it can be broken into sections. This narrows down our options to (B) citrus and (E) coconut. Next, we need to determine which of these two options is more likely to be broken into sections. A coconut is typically broken open to access the white flesh inside, but it is not typically broken into sections. On the other hand, citrus fruits such as oranges, lemons, and grapefruits are commonly divided into sections when eaten. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) citrus. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?. Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) soccer game (C) keg (D) can (E) refrigerator\nA: Let's think step by step. Batman bought beer. So, he went to a store or a bar to buy beer. Then, we are told that there were no bottles available. This means that the store or bar did not have any bottles of beer for Batman to buy. So, he had to settle for something else. Out of the answer choices, the only one that makes sense is (D) can. This is because a can is another type of container for beer, similar to a bottle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. (A) shelf is a place where items are stored, not a type of container for beer. (B) soccer game is an event, not a type of container for beer. (C) keg is a large barrel used to store and dispense beer, not a type of container for beer. (E) refrigerator is a household appliance used to keep food and drinks cold, not a type of container for beer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) can. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Spraining an ankle while playing baseball will cause what? Answer Choices: (A) strikes (B) eating (C) injury (D) sore muscles (E) pain\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What do you need energy to do in gym class? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) tacos (C) mass (D) play sports (E) wrestle\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. What do you do in gym class? You play sports, right? So, what do you need energy for? You need energy to play sports. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) play sports. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do you need energy to do in gym class? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) tacos (C) mass (D) play sports (E) wrestle\nA: Let's think step by step. What do you do in gym class? You play sports, right? So, what do you need energy for? You need energy to play sports. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) play sports. The answer is D.\n\nQ: How can people fulfill their own calorie requirements? Answer Choices: (A) compete with each other (B) feed themselves (C) feel lonely (D) talk to each other (E) ask a doctor\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what calorie requirements are. Calorie requirements refer to the amount of energy (in the form of calories) that a person needs to consume in order to maintain their weight, support bodily functions, and engage in physical activity. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A) Competing with each other is not a healthy or sustainable way to fulfill calorie requirements. B) Feeding oneself is a necessary and practical way to fulfill calorie requirements. C) Feeling lonely does not have a direct impact on fulfilling calorie requirements. D) Talking to each other may not directly fulfill calorie requirements, but it can provide support and accountability in maintaining a healthy diet. E) Asking a doctor can provide personalized recommendations for fulfilling calorie requirements based on individual needs and health conditions. Therefore, the best answer is B) feed themselves. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What was the man encouraged to do after he expressed his anger violently? Answer Choices: (A) cool off (B) punch (C) illustrate point (D) fight (E) release energy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man expressed his anger violently. This means that he showed his anger in a strong and aggressive way. Next, what do you think he should do after that? Should he continue to be angry and violent? No, that would not be a good idea. Instead, he should do something to calm down and relax. This is what we call \"cooling off.\" So, the correct answer is (A) cool off. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the what? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) hostel (C) building (D) lobby (E) office park\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A reception desk is a type of desk that is typically located at the front entrance of a building or establishment. 2. The front entrance is the main entrance or the entrance that faces the street or parking lot. 3. So, if somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the building. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) building. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf, what is he likely to have? Answer Choices: (A) club (B) assembly hall (C) meditation center (D) meeting (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf. So, he is going to play golf. What do you need to play golf? You need a club. So, the answer is (A) club. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He was at the gym trying to build muscle, what is it called that he is trying to build muscle on? Answer Choices: (A) body of animal (B) arm (C) bodybuilder (D) body of dog (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. He is at the gym. 2. He is trying to build muscle. 3. What is he trying to build muscle on? Based on the context, the answer would be the human body. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you need energy to do in gym class? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) tacos (C) mass (D) play sports (E) wrestle\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where has the newest baseball stadium? Answer Choices: (A) phoenix (B) chicago (C) antarctica (D) san francisco (E) urban areas\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about the newest baseball stadium. This means that we need to look for a location that has a recently built baseball stadium. Next, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not specific locations. Antarctica is a continent and urban areas can refer to many different cities. This leaves us with options (A), (B), and (D). Now, we can do a quick search to see which of these locations has the newest baseball stadium. After doing some research, we can find that the newest baseball stadium is in Phoenix, Arizona. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) phoenix. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Playing baseball is a lot like any other sport, there is always a risk of what? Answer Choices: (A) sore muscles (B) errors (C) happiness (D) injury (E) fun\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify the main subject of the sentence. In this case, it is \"playing baseball.\" Next, we need to identify the verb. In this case, it is \"is.\" Now, we need to look at the prepositional phrase \"like any other sport.\" This tells us that the sentence is comparing playing baseball to other sports. Finally, we need to look at the answer choices and determine which one fits best. The correct answer is (D) injury, as it is a common risk in all sports. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer Choices: (A) carved (B) melted (C) ice cream (D) antarctica (E) sculptured\nA: Let's think step by step. First, ice is a solid form of water. When it is exposed to sunlight, it absorbs the heat and starts to warm up. As it warms up, it begins to melt and turn into liquid water. So, the correct answer is (B) melted. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where has the newest baseball stadium? Answer Choices: (A) phoenix (B) chicago (C) antarctica (D) san francisco (E) urban areas\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about the newest baseball stadium. This means that we need to look for a location that has a recently built baseball stadium. Next, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not specific locations. Antarctica is a continent and urban areas can refer to many different cities. This leaves us with options (A), (B), and (D). Now, we can do a quick search to see which of these locations has the newest baseball stadium. After doing some research, we can find that the newest baseball stadium is in Phoenix, Arizona. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) phoenix. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The carpet was smelly and discouraged the league from playing there, where was this smelly carpet installed? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) movie theater (C) bowling alley (D) church (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. The league was discouraged from playing there because of the smelly carpet. So, the carpet was installed in a place where people play. Out of the given options, the most likely place where people play is a bowling alley. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) bowling alley. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where are  you likely to find a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) fast food restaurant (B) pizza (C) ground up dead cows (D) mouth (E) cow carcus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a hamburger is a type of food. So, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not related to food. Next, we know that a hamburger is a popular food item that is often served in restaurants. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is not a location. This leaves us with options (A) and (B). However, pizza is not typically associated with hamburgers, so the correct answer is (A) fast food restaurant. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where is a great place to buy fresh fruit? Answer Choices: (A) san francisco (B) refrigerator (C) big box retailer (D) tree (E) market\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells fresh fruit. Option (B) refrigerator is not a good choice because refrigerators are used to store food, not sell it. Option (D) tree is also not a good choice because we need a place where we can buy fruit, not pick it ourselves. Option (C) big box retailer may sell fresh fruit, but it is not their main focus and the quality may not be as good. Option (A) San Francisco is a city, not a specific place to buy fruit. This leaves us with option (E) market as the best choice. Markets are known for selling fresh produce, including fruit, and often have a wide variety to choose from. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where has the newest baseball stadium? Answer Choices: (A) phoenix (B) chicago (C) antarctica (D) san francisco (E) urban areas\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What might a couple have a lot of when they are deciding on stopping being married to each other? Answer Choices: (A) pleasure (B) detachment (C) exercise (D) bankruptcy (E) fights\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. When a couple is deciding on stopping being married to each other, it means that they are considering getting a divorce. This is usually a difficult and emotional decision, so it is unlikely that they would be experiencing pleasure. Detachment could be a possibility, as they may be feeling disconnected from each other and the relationship. Exercise and bankruptcy are not related to the decision to get a divorce. However, fights are a common occurrence when a couple is considering divorce, so the correct answer is (E) fights. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does one usually keep literature? Answer Choices: (A) books and magazines (B) own home (C) kitchen (D) shelf (E) meeting\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what literature is. Literature is a term used to describe written or spoken material. This can include books, magazines, poems, plays, and more. Next, we need to think about where we usually keep written or spoken material. The most common place to keep literature is on a shelf. This could be a bookshelf, a magazine rack, or even a shelf in a closet or cabinet. So, the correct answer is (D) shelf. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How might releasing energy that has built up feel? Answer Choices: (A) damage (B) wonderful (C) exhaustion (D) orgasm (E) lazy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that energy has built up. This means that there is a lot of energy that has been stored or accumulated. Next, we know that this energy is being released. This means that the energy is being let go or set free. So, how might releasing this energy feel? It could feel wonderful, as the person may feel a sense of relief or release. It could also feel like an orgasm, as the release of energy can be pleasurable. However, it could also feel like exhaustion, as the body may have been holding onto this energy for a long time and now needs to rest. It could also feel lazy, as the person may feel a sense of relaxation or lethargy after expending this energy. It is unlikely to feel like damage, as releasing energy is typically a natural and healthy process. So, the best answer choices would be (B) wonderful, (D) orgasm, (C) exhaustion, or (E) lazy. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What might a couple have a lot of when they are deciding on stopping being married to each other? Answer Choices: (A) pleasure (B) detachment (C) exercise (D) bankruptcy (E) fights\nA: Let's think step by step. When a couple is deciding on stopping being married to each other, it means that they are considering getting a divorce. This is usually a difficult and emotional decision, so it is unlikely that they would be experiencing pleasure. Detachment could be a possibility, as they may be feeling disconnected from each other and the relationship. Exercise and bankruptcy are not related to the decision to get a divorce. However, fights are a common occurrence when a couple is considering divorce, so the correct answer is (E) fights. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The newlyweds began copulating their marriage, they wanted many what? Answer Choices: (A) babies (B) odors (C) sadness (D) rapport (E) ejaculation\nA: Let's think step by step. The newlyweds began copulating their marriage. This means that they started having sex after getting married. So, what do newlyweds usually want after getting married? They usually want to start a family and have children. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) babies. The answer is A.\n\nQ: How might a automobile get off a freeway? Answer Choices: (A) exit ramp (B) garage (C) driveway (D) repair shop (E) stop light\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the automobile would need to slow down and get into the right lane. Then, it would need to take an exit ramp, which is choice (A). This ramp would lead the automobile off the freeway and onto a local road. From there, the automobile could continue on to its destination, which could be a garage (B), driveway (C), repair shop (D), or even a stop light (E). However, the most direct and common way for an automobile to get off a freeway is by taking an exit ramp (A). The answer is A.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Sailors drive many different types of boats, what type of boat involves their namesake. Answer Choices: (A) coming home (B) row boat (C) board ship (D) inflatable raft (E) sail boat\nA: Let's think step by step. Sailors drive many different types of boats. So, we are looking for a type of boat. The last word in the question is \"namesake\". Namesake means \"a person or thing that has the same name as another\". So, we are looking for a type of boat that has the same name as something. The answer choices are: coming home, row boat, board ship, inflatable raft, sail boat. The only one that is a type of boat is sail boat. So, the answer is (E) sail boat. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What might a couple have a lot of when they are deciding on stopping being married to each other? Answer Choices: (A) pleasure (B) detachment (C) exercise (D) bankruptcy (E) fights\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What would be necessary for getting in shape? Answer Choices: (A) good health (B) exercise (C) muscle tone (D) sweat (E) feel better\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what it means to \"get in shape.\" This typically refers to improving one's physical fitness and overall health through exercise and healthy habits. So, what would be necessary for this process? Good health is a broad term and could be a result of getting in shape, but it is not a necessary step. Muscle tone and sweat are also not necessary steps, as they are outcomes of getting in shape. Feeling better could be a result of getting in shape, but it is not a necessary step either. This leaves us with (B) exercise, which is the most direct and necessary step for getting in shape. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) exercise. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: How does a planet usually move around the sun? Answer Choices: (A) writing (B) universe (C) outer space (D) outerspace (E) orbit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a planet is a celestial body that orbits around a star. In our solar system, the sun is the star that all the planets orbit around. So, we can eliminate choices (A) writing, (B) universe, and (D) outerspace because they are not related to the movement of a planet around the sun. Next, we know that the term \"outer space\" refers to the vast expanse beyond Earth's atmosphere, so it is not specific enough to describe the movement of a planet around the sun. This leaves us with choice (E) orbit, which is the correct answer. A planet moves around the sun in an orbit, which is a curved path due to the gravitational pull of the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) orbit. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Exercise is very good for you, for faster recovery you should always do what afterwards? Answer Choices: (A) stretch (B) lower cholesterol (C) weigh (D) track (E) expend energy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"recovery\" means in this context. Recovery refers to the process of restoring the body to its normal state after physical activity. This includes repairing any damage to muscles and replenishing energy stores. Now, let's look at the answer choices. Option (B) lower cholesterol is not related to recovery after exercise. Option (C) weigh is also not related to recovery. Option (D) track could potentially be helpful in monitoring progress, but it is not directly related to recovery. Option (E) expend energy is a bit vague and could be interpreted in different ways. However, the most direct and specific answer is (A) stretch. Stretching after exercise helps to improve flexibility, reduce muscle soreness, and aid in the recovery process. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) stretch. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What are our bodies doing after having food? Answer Choices: (A) falling down (B) digesting (C) gas (D) weight gain (E) not hungry\nA: Let's think step by step. After we eat food, our bodies start to digest it. This means that our bodies are breaking down the food into smaller pieces so that our cells can use the nutrients from the food for energy and growth. This process involves enzymes and acids in our stomach and intestines. As our bodies digest the food, gas may be produced, which can cause us to feel bloated or have flatulence. However, this is a normal part of the digestion process. Our bodies also absorb water and nutrients from the food, which can contribute to weight gain if we consistently eat more calories than we burn. After the food is digested and the nutrients are absorbed, our bodies may feel full and satisfied, and we may not feel hungry for a while. So, the correct answer is (B) digesting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: John didn't care about style.  He felt that form was less important than what? Answer Choices: (A) shapeless (B) quality (C) function (D) change shape (E) chaos\nA: Let's think step by step. John didn't care about style. So, what did he care about? He felt that form was less important than something else. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) shapeless doesn't make sense because John didn't care about style, not that he preferred shapeless things. (B) quality could be a possibility, but it doesn't directly relate to form. (C) function makes sense because it is something that can be more important than form. (D) change shape doesn't make sense because it is not a comparison to form. (E) chaos doesn't make sense because it is not a comparison to form either. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) function. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A town between two mountains is located in a what? Answer Choices: (A) valley (B) hospital (C) state (D) train station (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A town is a place where people live. 2. Between two mountains means that the town is surrounded by two mountains. 3. A valley is a low area of land between two higher areas, such as mountains. 4. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) valley. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do singers need to do before a show? Answer Choices: (A) warm up (B) use microphones (C) clear throats (D) create music (E) sound beautiful\nA: Let's think step by step. First, singers need to warm up their voices. This is important to help prevent strain and injury to their vocal cords. Next, they may need to use microphones to amplify their voices. This is especially important for larger venues or outdoor performances. They may also need to clear their throats to ensure they have a clear and strong voice. Creating music is something that singers do before a show, but it is not necessarily a step they need to take specifically before a show. Lastly, while sounding beautiful is important, it is not something that singers can actively do before a show. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) warm up. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He was at the gym trying to build muscle, what is it called that he is trying to build muscle on? Answer Choices: (A) body of animal (B) arm (C) bodybuilder (D) body of dog (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. He is at the gym. 2. He is trying to build muscle. 3. What is he trying to build muscle on? Based on the context, the answer would be the human body. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What would be necessary for getting in shape? Answer Choices: (A) good health (B) exercise (C) muscle tone (D) sweat (E) feel better\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time? Answer Choices: (A) shelter (B) floor (C) warm place (D) farmhouse (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the kitten's mother is a mouser, meaning she is good at catching mice. Next, we know that the kitten is going to grow up to be a mouser like its mother. So, where would the kitten need to spend most of its time in order to learn how to be a good mouser? The best answer would be (D) farmhouse, as this is where the mother would most likely be catching mice and the kitten could observe and learn from her. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What do young boys do on the ice in the winter? Answer Choices: (A) ski (B) play hockey (C) summer (D) knit (E) warm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what ice is. Ice is a solid form of water that is frozen at a temperature of 0 degrees Celsius or 32 degrees Fahrenheit. So, what do young boys do on the ice in the winter? They can't swim or go boating like they might do in the summer. They also can't knit or warm themselves up on the ice. That leaves us with two options: ski or play hockey. While skiing is a popular winter activity, it is more commonly associated with adults or families. Young boys are more likely to play hockey on the ice in the winter. So, the correct answer is (B) play hockey. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The person saw the mess his children made, what was his following reaction? Answer Choices: (A) smell smoke (B) cross street (C) cry (D) bank savings (E) look angry\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person saw the mess his children made. Then, what would be his immediate reaction? Would he smell smoke? No, because there is no mention of smoke in the sentence. Would he cross the street? No, because there is no mention of crossing the street in the sentence. Would he cry? No, because there is no mention of crying in the sentence. Would he bank savings? No, because there is no mention of banking savings in the sentence. So, the correct answer is (E) look angry. The person would most likely be angry at the mess his children made. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you have a stove if you don't live in a detached dwelling? Answer Choices: (A) tent (B) car (C) living room (D) friend's house (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a stove is. A stove is a kitchen appliance used for cooking food. It usually consists of an oven and burners on top for cooking on pots and pans. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A tent is not a suitable place for a stove as it is a temporary shelter and does not have a proper kitchen setup. A car is also not a suitable place for a stove as it is a small and confined space. A living room is a common area in a house, but it is not a suitable place for a stove as it is not a designated kitchen area. A friend's house could be a possibility, but it would depend on whether they have a stove and if they are willing to let you use it. The most suitable answer would be an apartment. An apartment is a type of housing that is attached to other units and typically has a designated kitchen area with a stove. Therefore, if you don't live in a detached dwelling, you would most likely have a stove in your apartment. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What would you put meat on top of to cook it? Answer Choices: (A) oil (B) freezer (C) ham sandwich (D) oven (E) frying pan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to thaw the meat if it was in the freezer. Then, you would need to season the meat with oil or other spices. Next, you would need to cook the meat in some way. You could put it in the oven, but that would take a while. You could also put it in a frying pan, which would cook it faster. So, the best answer would be (E) frying pan. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What would you be unable to do if you have too much greed? Answer Choices: (A) keep things (B) make friends (C) play poker (D) conquer opponent (E) lie\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what greed is. Greed is an intense desire for something, usually wealth or power. So, if you have too much greed, you would be unable to control your desire for more and more. This could lead to negative consequences, such as losing friends or being unable to play poker fairly. However, the only option that directly relates to greed is (E) lie. If you have too much greed, you may be willing to lie or deceive others in order to get what you want. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) lie. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What happens someone who is bad play poker? Answer Choices: (A) think (B) ante up (C) drink (D) win money (E) losing money\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person would need to ante up, or put their initial bet into the pot. Then, they would play the game, making decisions and trying to win money. However, if they are not skilled at poker, they may end up losing money instead of winning. So, the answer is (E) losing money. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you spend all your time buying and not saving what is is likely to happen? Answer Choices: (A) using money (B) feel better (C) ocean (D) losing money (E) go broke\nA: Let's think step by step. If you spend all your time buying, you are using money. If you are not saving, you are losing money. If you continue to spend all your money without saving, you will eventually go broke. So the most likely outcome is (E) go broke. The answer is E.\n\nQ: August needed  money because he was afraid that he'd be kicked out of his house.  What did he need money to do? Answer Choices: (A) control people (B) pay bills (C) hurt people (D) buy food (E) get things\nA: Let's think step by step. Why was August afraid of being kicked out of his house? Because he wouldn't have a place to live. Why wouldn't he have a place to live? Because he wouldn't be able to pay his bills. So, what did August need money for? To pay bills. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where do play a game for money? Answer Choices: (A) casino (B) football ground (C) ballpark (D) family room (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where people can play games for money. A toy store (E) is not a good option because it is a place where people buy toys, not play games for money. A family room (D) is also not a good option because it is usually a private space in someone's home, not a public place for playing games. A football ground (B) and a ballpark (C) are both places where people can play sports, but not necessarily for money. That leaves us with option (A) casino, which is a place specifically designed for gambling and playing games for money. So the correct answer is (A) casino. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What might a person be watching if they see a man with a suitcase full of money? Answer Choices: (A) baggage compartment (B) movie (C) subway (D) airplane (E) cargo hold\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man has a suitcase full of money. This suggests that he is traveling or transporting something valuable. Next, we are given a list of options to choose from. Out of these options, the most likely scenario would be that the person is watching a movie. This is because a movie can show a scene where a man is carrying a suitcase full of money, either as a main plot point or as a brief scene. The other options, such as a baggage compartment, subway, airplane, or cargo hold, do not necessarily involve a person carrying a suitcase full of money. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) movie. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) cookie (C) stock market (D) real estate (E) treasure chest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man came from old money and had a fortune. This means that he was already wealthy. Next, we know that he made new money. This means that he increased his wealth. How did he do this? By making shrewd trades. This means that he was smart and strategic in his business dealings. Now, we need to figure out where he made these trades. The answer choices are: (A) eat cake, (B) cookie, (C) stock market, (D) real estate, and (E) treasure chest. We can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not logical places to make trades. Option (E) is also unlikely because a treasure chest is not a common place for business transactions. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). The stock market is a common place for people to make trades and increase their wealth, so this is the most likely answer. Real estate is also a possibility, but it is less likely because it is not explicitly mentioned in the sentence. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stock market. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where is one likely to find poker chips? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) pantry (C) motherboard (D) bar (E) bar\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because poker chips are not typically sold in supermarkets or kept in pantries. Next, we can eliminate option (C) because a motherboard is a computer component and would not be a place to find poker chips. This leaves us with options (D) and (E). Both a bar and a casino are common places to find poker chips, so either option could be correct. However, since option (E) is a repeat of option (D), we can eliminate it as well. Therefore, the most likely answer is (D) bar. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What would you be unable to do if you have too much greed? Answer Choices: (A) keep things (B) make friends (C) play poker (D) conquer opponent (E) lie\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: A potato is kept in the cellar, where is likely to be stored? Answer Choices: (A) farmer's market (B) grocery bag (C) pantry (D) bushel basket (E) fridge\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the potato is kept in the cellar. This eliminates options (A) farmer's market and (B) grocery bag, as those are places where potatoes are sold, not stored. Next, we know that the potato is being stored, not sold or transported. This eliminates option (D) bushel basket, as that is a container for transporting potatoes. This leaves us with options (C) pantry and (E) fridge. Both of these options are places where food is stored, but a cellar is typically used for long-term storage, while a fridge is used for short-term storage. Therefore, the most likely answer is (C) pantry. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does one usually keep literature? Answer Choices: (A) books and magazines (B) own home (C) kitchen (D) shelf (E) meeting\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what literature is. Literature is a term used to describe written or spoken material. This can include books, magazines, poems, plays, and more. Next, we need to think about where we usually keep written or spoken material. The most common place to keep literature is on a shelf. This could be a bookshelf, a magazine rack, or even a shelf in a closet or cabinet. So, the correct answer is (D) shelf. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find a fox that is made up? Answer Choices: (A) storybook (B) woods (C) hen house (D) natural habitat (E) back yard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the fox is made up, which means it is not a real animal. This eliminates options (B), (D), and (E) because those places are where real foxes would be found. Next, we know that the fox is made up, so it must exist in a fictional world. This leaves us with options (A) and (C). A fox that is made up would most likely be found in a storybook, so the correct answer is (A) storybook. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What do you do when you're going to market? Answer Choices: (A) buy food (B) see other people (C) buying vegetables (D) buy a fat pig (E) traveling\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to the market, what is the main purpose? It is to buy things, right? So, the correct answer would be (A) buy food. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The chef wanted to perfect his craft, what did he do? Answer Choices: (A) thin potatos (B) prepare food (C) study french cooking (D) drink (E) cook dinner\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the chef wanted to perfect his craft. This means he wanted to become better at cooking. So, what did he do to achieve this goal? Did he thin potatoes? No, thinning potatoes is a specific task, not a way to improve overall cooking skills. Did he prepare food? Yes, this is a general task that all chefs do, but it's not specific to improving one's craft. Did he study French cooking? This is a specific type of cuisine, so it's possible that studying it could help him improve his craft. Did he drink? No, drinking is not a productive way to improve one's cooking skills. Did he cook dinner? This is a general task that all chefs do, but it's not specific to improving one's craft. So, the best answer is C) study French cooking. By studying a specific type of cuisine, the chef can learn new techniques and flavors that can help him improve his overall cooking skills. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a place that is far away from your house and where you could consume beer? Answer Choices: (A) refrigerator (B) friend's house (C) keg (D) neighbor's house (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need a place that is far away from your house. So, we can eliminate options (A) refrigerator and (E) kitchen because they are both located in your house. Next, we need a place where you could consume beer. This eliminates option (C) keg because a keg is not a place, it is a container for beer. This leaves us with options (B) friend's house and (D) neighbor's house. Both of these options are places that are far away from your house and where you could consume beer. So, the correct answer is either (B) friend's house or (D) neighbor's house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Danny found an old film in a sealed what? Answer Choices: (A) clingfilm (B) disneyland (C) cave (D) cabinet (E) movie\nA: Let's think step by step. Danny found an old film. Where did he find it? In a sealed what? The answer choices are: clingfilm, disneyland, cave, cabinet, and movie. Which one makes the most sense? It wouldn't make sense for Danny to find an old film in clingfilm, Disneyland, or a cave. That leaves us with cabinet and movie. Since the film was found in a sealed place, it is most likely that Danny found it in a sealed cabinet. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cabinet. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What type of non-vegetarian soup is one likely to find a potato? Answer Choices: (A) beef stew (B) own kitchen (C) clam chowder (D) kitchen cabinet (E) pantry\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the soup is non-vegetarian, meaning it contains meat. This eliminates options B, D, and E. Next, we know that the soup contains potatoes. This eliminates option A, as beef stew typically does not contain potatoes. This leaves us with option C, clam chowder, as the most likely answer. Clam chowder is a non-vegetarian soup that often contains potatoes. The answer is C.\n\nQ: At a grocery store they sell individual potatoes, where does the grocery clerk likely put the potato? Answer Choices: (A) boiling water (B) root cellar (C) rocket ship (D) paper bag (E) underground\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the grocery clerk would not put the potato in boiling water because that would cook it. Second, a root cellar is a storage area for root vegetables, so that could be a possibility. Third, a rocket ship is not a logical place to put a potato. Fourth, a paper bag is a common way to package and transport individual potatoes. Fifth, underground could also be a possibility, as potatoes are grown underground. However, the most likely answer is (D) paper bag, as that is a common way to package and sell individual potatoes in a grocery store. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A potato is kept in the cellar, where is likely to be stored? Answer Choices: (A) farmer's market (B) grocery bag (C) pantry (D) bushel basket (E) fridge\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The cat carefully navigated the area, they do everything they can to avoid what? Answer Choices: (A) get wet (B) eat vegetables (C) falling (D) wool sweater (E) sharp claws\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, the cat is carefully navigating the area. This means that the cat is being cautious and trying to avoid potential dangers. Next, what are some things that could be dangerous for a cat? Out of the answer choices, the most likely danger for a cat would be (E) sharp claws. This is because cats can easily get hurt by their own sharp claws or the sharp claws of other animals. The other options, such as (A) getting wet or (B) eating vegetables, are not necessarily dangerous for a cat. Option (C) falling could be dangerous, but it is not something that a cat would actively try to avoid. Option (D) wool sweater is not a danger to a cat. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) sharp claws. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? Answer Choices: (A) start fighting (B) play (C) lots of attention (D) petted (E) bone\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you have to approach the dog. Then, you have to reach out your hand. Next, you have to gently touch the dog's fur. Finally, you have to move your hand back and forth. Based on these steps, the correct answer is (D) petted. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What do people do for food? Answer Choices: (A) talk to each other (B) complete job (C) wear hats (D) kill animals (E) believe in god\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what food is. Food is something that people eat to provide nourishment and energy for their bodies. So, what do people do for food? They eat it! Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) talk to each other - While people may talk to each other while eating, talking is not the main action people do for food. (B) complete job - Completing a job may provide people with money to buy food, but it is not the main action people do for food. (C) wear hats - Wearing hats has nothing to do with food. (D) kill animals - This is a possible answer. People may hunt or raise animals for food. (E) believe in god - Believing in god may provide people with spiritual nourishment, but it is not directly related to food. So, the best answer is (D) kill animals. The answer is D.\n\nQ: james told his son to settle down and be careful.  There were many frogs mating in the area, and James didn't want his son to do what to them? Answer Choices: (A) wander (B) migrate (C) scare (D) disturb (E) agitate\nA: Let's think step by step. James told his son to settle down and be careful. Why? Because there were many frogs mating in the area. So, what does James not want his son to do to the frogs? He doesn't want his son to do what to them? The answer choices are: (A) wander (B) migrate (C) scare (D) disturb (E) agitate. Which one of these words means to bother or disrupt? That's right, it's (D) disturb. James doesn't want his son to disturb the frogs while they are mating. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Seafood restaurants are used to draw tourists where? Answer Choices: (A) maine (B) shoe shop (C) city (D) boston (E) coastal cities\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Seafood restaurants are used to draw tourists. 2. Where are tourists usually drawn to? 3. Tourists are usually drawn to places that are popular or have something unique to offer. 4. Seafood restaurants are usually found in coastal cities or areas near the ocean. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The business men left the discussion in the dressing room, now they just wanted to relax in the sauna of the what? Answer Choices: (A) brush hair (B) theater (C) house (D) dwelling (E) bathhouse\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the business men left the discussion in the dressing room. Then, they wanted to relax. So, what kind of place would they go to relax? The answer choices are: brush hair, theater, house, dwelling, and bathhouse. Out of these options, the most likely place for them to relax would be a bathhouse. So, the answer is (E) bathhouse. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What could happen to a cat other than wanting food? Answer Choices: (A) feline (B) thirsty (C) sharp claws (D) pussycat (E) hungry\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking for something that could happen to a cat other than wanting food. So, we can eliminate option (E) hungry. Next, we can eliminate option (D) pussycat because it is just another word for cat. Option (A) feline is also just another word for cat, so we can eliminate it as well. This leaves us with options (B) thirsty and (C) sharp claws. Both of these could happen to a cat, but option (B) thirsty is a more likely answer because cats can also feel thirsty and need water to drink. Option (C) sharp claws is not necessarily something that happens to a cat, but rather a physical characteristic that cats have. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) thirsty. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What might I place under the furniture? Answer Choices: (A) rug (B) room (C) toy (D) friend's house (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is the furniture? It could be a couch, a table, a chair, etc. Next, what could you place under the furniture? A rug could go under a couch or table. A toy could also go under a couch or table. A friend's house or building would not typically go under furniture. So, the best answer would be either (A) rug or (C) toy. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The cat carefully navigated the area, they do everything they can to avoid what? Answer Choices: (A) get wet (B) eat vegetables (C) falling (D) wool sweater (E) sharp claws\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What type of feeling is performing for the first time likely to produce? Answer Choices: (A) action (B) butterflies (C) happiness (D) a sense of calm (E) anxiety\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that performing for the first time can be nerve-wracking and exciting. It is a new and unfamiliar experience, which can lead to a range of emotions. Out of the answer choices, the most likely feeling would be (E) anxiety. This is because performing for the first time can be a stressful and anxiety-inducing experience. Option (B) butterflies could also be a possible feeling, as it is often used to describe the nervous and excited feeling in one's stomach. However, anxiety is a more specific and accurate answer. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: How might releasing energy that has built up feel? Answer Choices: (A) damage (B) wonderful (C) exhaustion (D) orgasm (E) lazy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that energy has built up. This means that there is a lot of energy that has been stored or accumulated. Next, we know that this energy is being released. This means that the energy is being let go or set free. So, how might releasing this energy feel? It could feel wonderful, as the person may feel a sense of relief or release. It could also feel like an orgasm, as the release of energy can be pleasurable. However, it could also feel like exhaustion, as the body may have been holding onto this energy for a long time and now needs to rest. It could also feel lazy, as the person may feel a sense of relaxation or lethargy after expending this energy. It is unlikely to feel like damage, as releasing energy is typically a natural and healthy process. So, the best answer choices would be (B) wonderful, (D) orgasm, (C) exhaustion, or (E) lazy. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do people usually feel when falling in love? Answer Choices: (A) getting married (B) pain (C) happiness (D) getting married (E) suffering\nA: Let's think step by step. When people fall in love, they usually feel happy, excited, and joyful. They may also feel a sense of connection and attraction towards the person they are falling in love with. Getting married is not necessarily a feeling, but it may be a result of falling in love. Pain and suffering are not typically associated with falling in love, although they may be present in some relationships. So, the correct answer is (C) happiness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Everybody began performing once their director stated what? Answer Choices: (A) fear (B) injury (C) happiness (D) action (E) cut\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the director must have given some sort of instruction or command. Then, the performers began doing something. So, the director must have said something that prompted the performers to start performing. Out of the answer choices, the most logical option is (D) action. The director likely said something like \"Action!\" or \"Let's begin!\" to signal the start of the performance. The answer is D.\n\nQ: As he looked out the window, he knew the landing was happening soon, and it made him nervous, but where would he be soon? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) disembark (C) stairwell (D) deplane (E) airport\nA: Let's think step by step. The person is on a plane, and they are looking out the window. They know that the landing is happening soon, which means that the plane is going to touch down on the ground. So, where would the person be soon? They would be on the ground, at the airport. The correct answer is (E) airport. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What do animals do when an enemy is approaching? Answer Choices: (A) feel pleasure (B) procreate (C) pass water (D) listen to each other (E) sing\nA: Let's think step by step. When an enemy is approaching, animals are likely to feel fear or anxiety. This eliminates option (A) feel pleasure. Option (B) procreate is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to focus on survival rather than reproduction in this situation. Option (C) pass water is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to hold their bladder and focus on the approaching threat. Option (E) sing is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to use their energy to flee or defend themselves rather than sing. This leaves us with option (D) listen to each other. Animals may communicate with each other through vocalizations or body language to warn each other of the approaching enemy. This is a common survival tactic in the animal kingdom. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to each other. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you wanted to show off silk, what item could it be on? Answer Choices: (A) jean (B) mulberry tree (C) garments (D) expensive clothing (E) parachutes\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that silk is a type of fabric that is known for its softness and luxurious feel. It is often associated with high-end and expensive items. So, we can eliminate options (A) jean and (E) parachutes, as they are not typically made with silk. Next, we can eliminate option (B) mulberry tree, as it is the source of silk but not the item that showcases it. This leaves us with options (C) garments and (D) expensive clothing. Both of these options could work, as they are both types of clothing that can be made with silk. However, option (D) expensive clothing is a more specific and accurate answer, as it directly mentions the luxurious and high-end nature of silk. Therefore, the best answer would be (D) expensive clothing. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What type of feeling is performing for the first time likely to produce? Answer Choices: (A) action (B) butterflies (C) happiness (D) a sense of calm (E) anxiety\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where can you keep letter opener when it likely to be needed soon? Answer Choices: (A) office supply store (B) stationery store (C) dek (D) martyr's chest (E) refrigerator\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine what a letter opener is used for. A letter opener is a small tool used to open envelopes or letters without damaging the contents inside. Therefore, it would make sense to keep a letter opener in a place where you often receive letters or envelopes. This could be at your desk, on a desk, or in a drawer. Option (C) desk seems like the most logical answer. Option (A) office supply store and (B) stationery store are places where you can purchase a letter opener, but not necessarily where you would keep it. Option (D) martyr's chest and (E) refrigerator do not make sense as places to keep a letter opener. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where can you keep letter opener when it likely to be needed soon? Answer Choices: (A) office supply store (B) stationery store (C) dek (D) martyr's chest (E) refrigerator\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine what a letter opener is used for. A letter opener is a small tool used to open envelopes or letters without damaging the contents inside. Therefore, it would make sense to keep a letter opener in a place where you often receive letters or envelopes. This could be at your desk, on a desk, or in a drawer. Option (C) desk seems like the most logical answer. Option (A) office supply store and (B) stationery store are places where you can purchase a letter opener, but not necessarily where you would keep it. Option (D) martyr's chest and (E) refrigerator do not make sense as places to keep a letter opener. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If I did not have a rosebush, where would I get one? Answer Choices: (A) pot (B) museum (C) garden center (D) formal garden (E) backyard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells plants. A pot is not a place, it is a container. A museum is not likely to sell plants. A formal garden may have rosebushes, but it is not a place where you can buy one. A backyard is also not a place where you can buy a rosebush. That leaves us with the garden center. This is a place specifically designed for buying plants, including rosebushes. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) garden center. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If a person is trying to keep something in their hand what should they do? Answer Choices: (A) complete collection (B) own house (C) procrastinate (D) explode (E) have to hold\nA: Let's think step by step. If a person is trying to keep something in their hand, they should first make sure they have a good grip on the object. Then, they should try to hold it securely and not let go. This could involve using their fingers, palm, or even their whole hand to keep the object in place. So, the best answer would be (E) have to hold. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The field general began to write out a letter to the king, he was told to send what when the enemy was near? Answer Choices: (A) syllable (B) english alphabet (C) word (D) email (E) invitation\nA: Let's think step by step. The field general is writing a letter to the king. What is the purpose of this letter? It is likely to inform the king about something. What is the general's main concern? The enemy is near. So, what should the general send to the king when the enemy is near? The answer is likely to be something that will help the king prepare for the enemy's arrival. Out of the answer choices, the most logical answer is (C) word. The general can send a word to the king that will alert him about the enemy's arrival and allow him to prepare for battle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What kind of place has a revolving door and has things to buy in it? Answer Choices: (A) new york (B) public place (C) bank (D) mall (E) supermarket door\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place has a revolving door. This eliminates options (A) and (E) because they do not have revolving doors. Next, we know that the place has things to buy in it. This eliminates option (B) because it does not specify a specific type of place. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). Both banks and malls have revolving doors and things to buy in them. However, a bank typically only has a few items for sale, such as financial services or basic office supplies. A mall, on the other hand, has a wide variety of stores and products for sale. Therefore, the most likely answer is (D) mall. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A loud machine is irritating, but many are expected where? Answer Choices: (A) museum (B) house (C) laboratory (D) library (E) industrial area\nA: Let's think step by step. A loud machine is irritating. So, we can eliminate (A) museum, (B) house, (D) library. Because these places are not expected to have loud machines. Now, we are left with (C) laboratory and (E) industrial area. A laboratory is a place where experiments are conducted, so it is not expected to have loud machines. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) industrial area. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where can you get a lizard to keep in your home? Answer Choices: (A) desert country (B) dessert (C) pet shop (D) tropical areas (E) zoo\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells lizards as pets. This rules out options A, B, and D, as they are not specific locations where you can purchase a lizard. Option E, the zoo, may have lizards, but they are not typically sold as pets. This leaves us with option C, the pet shop, as the most likely answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you store a pillow case that is not in use? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen cupboard (B) bedding store (C) england (D) drawer (E) bedroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a pillow case is a type of bedding. So, it would make sense to store it in a place where other bedding items are kept. This eliminates options A and C. Next, we know that the pillow case is not in use, so it would not be stored in a bedding store. This eliminates option B. Finally, the most logical place to store a pillow case that is not in use would be in a drawer in the bedroom. This is where most people keep their extra bedding items. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) drawer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where can you keep letter opener when it likely to be needed soon? Answer Choices: (A) office supply store (B) stationery store (C) dek (D) martyr's chest (E) refrigerator\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If you're remembering something, it's because of your what of it to begin with? Answer Choices: (A) knowledge (B) knowing (C) forgetful (D) pleasure (E) depression\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the sentence is talking about remembering something. This means that we are trying to recall a memory. Next, the sentence mentions that we have something of it to begin with. This means that we had some sort of connection or experience with the thing we are trying to remember. So, the correct answer would be (B) knowing. We can eliminate options (C) forgetful, (D) pleasure, and (E) depression because they do not fit the context of the sentence. Option (A) knowledge is also a possible answer, but it is not as specific as (B) knowing. Therefore, the most accurate answer is (B) knowing. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why is it hard for a young child to read a long book? Answer Choices: (A) knowledge (B) cover (C) no pictures (D) past (E) many words\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what makes reading a long book difficult for a young child. Is it because they don't have enough knowledge? No, that can't be it. Children are constantly learning and absorbing new information. Is it because of the cover of the book? No, that doesn't make sense either. The cover of a book doesn't affect a child's ability to read it. Is it because there are no pictures? Yes, that could be a factor. Pictures can help young children understand and engage with the story. Is it because of the past? No, that doesn't seem relevant. Finally, is it because there are too many words? Yes, that is a likely reason. Young children may struggle with reading long books because they are still building their reading skills and may become overwhelmed by a large amount of text. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) many words. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Riding a bike for a long time can cause what? Answer Choices: (A) enjoyment (B) fatigue (C) falling down (D) getting lost (E) thirst\nA: Let's think step by step. Riding a bike for a long time can cause fatigue. This is because the physical activity of pedaling and balancing on a bike can be tiring for the body. However, it can also cause enjoyment, as many people find biking to be a fun and enjoyable form of exercise. It is unlikely to cause falling down, unless the rider loses control or encounters an obstacle. It is also unlikely to cause getting lost, unless the rider is exploring unfamiliar areas. Lastly, it can cause thirst, as physical activity can lead to dehydration. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) fatigue. The answer is B.\n\nQ: You have to a lot of thinking while studying a new subject, but it is how you gain what? Answer Choices: (A) fatigue (B) depression (C) best way (D) weight (E) knowledge\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we have to do a lot of thinking. Then, we are studying a new subject. Finally, we gain something. What do we gain? The answer choices are (A) fatigue, (B) depression, (C) best way, (D) weight, and (E) knowledge. Out of these options, the most logical answer is (E) knowledge. When we study a new subject and do a lot of thinking, we are gaining knowledge about that subject. This is the best way to learn and understand new information. So, the correct answer is (E) knowledge. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He was having a hard time expressing himself in a healthy way, the psychologist said he was mentally what? Answer Choices: (A) slow (B) understood (C) suffering (D) embarrassment (E) fun\nA: Let's think step by step. The psychologist said he was mentally something. The options are slow, understood, suffering, embarrassment, and fun. Which of these options makes the most sense in the context of the sentence? The sentence mentions that he was having a hard time expressing himself in a healthy way. This suggests that he was struggling or experiencing difficulty. Out of the options, the word \"suffering\" best fits this description. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) suffering. The answer is C.\n\nQ: I you believe in god, where will you go when you die? Answer Choices: (A) heaven (B) church (C) imagination (D) synagogue (E) monastery\nA: Let's think step by step. If I believe in God, then I believe in an afterlife. If I believe in an afterlife, then I believe that there is a place where my soul will go after I die. If I believe in the Christian faith, then I believe that I will go to heaven. Therefore, my answer would be (A) heaven. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If someone found out their brother was having a daughter, they would have to add a niece limb to the what? Answer Choices: (A) family picture book (B) family reunion (C) brother's house (D) family tree (E) baby shower\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person found out their brother was having a daughter. This means that the brother is going to have a daughter, making the person an aunt or uncle. So, the person would have to add a new family member to their family tree. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) family tree. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If there is gum on your shoe where did it likely come from? Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) movies (C) sidewalk (D) water fountain (E) table\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to consider where gum is commonly found. It is not typically found on shelves or tables, so we can eliminate those options. Gum is often chewed in places where people are sitting or standing for a while, so it is possible that it could have come from a movie theater or a water fountain. However, the most likely option is the sidewalk. People often spit out gum while walking, and it can easily get stuck to someone's shoe. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) sidewalk. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you're remembering something, it's because of your what of it to begin with? Answer Choices: (A) knowledge (B) knowing (C) forgetful (D) pleasure (E) depression\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: A thoroughfare meandered through fields and woods, where was it passing though? Answer Choices: (A) move about (B) city (C) country (D) town (E) new york city\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that a thoroughfare is a road or street that is open at both ends and allows for the passage of vehicles. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) move about and (E) New York City, as they do not fit the definition of a thoroughfare. Next, we know that the thoroughfare is passing through fields and woods, which are typically found in rural or natural areas. This eliminates answer choices (B) city and (D) town, as they are more developed and do not typically have fields and woods. This leaves us with answer choice (C) country, which is the correct answer. The thoroughfare is passing through the countryside, or rural areas with fields and woods. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The runner was in third place, but he pushed harder and thought he might be able to reach second.  What was beginning to do? Answer Choices: (A) near finish line (B) finish (C) get tired (D) gain ground (E) trip over\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the runner was in third place. Then, he pushed harder. What does this mean? It means he was trying harder and running faster. Next, what did he think he might be able to do? He thought he might be able to reach second place. This means he was trying to pass the runner in second place and move up in the race. So, what was he beginning to do? He was beginning to gain ground. This means he was getting closer to the runner in second place and making progress in the race. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) gain ground. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is the process of going somewhere? Answer Choices: (A) fire (B) energy (C) car (D) transporting (E) staying in place\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to decide where you want to go. Then, you need to plan your route and mode of transportation. This could involve using a car, taking public transportation, or walking. Next, you need to gather any necessary items, such as a map or tickets. Once you have everything you need, you physically move from your starting point to your destination. This could involve driving, riding a bus or train, or walking. Finally, you arrive at your destination and complete any necessary tasks or activities. The process of going somewhere involves a combination of decision-making, planning, physical movement, and arrival at a destination. So, the best answer would be (D) transporting. The answer is D.\n\nQ: James tore the antenna off of his boat due to bad reception as he was crossing the channel from France.  Where was he going? Answer Choices: (A) river (B) television (C) india (D) england (E) europe\nA: Let's think step by step. James was crossing the channel from France. This means he was leaving France and going somewhere else. The answer choices are: river, television, India, England, and Europe. We can eliminate river and television because they are not places that someone can physically travel to. We can also eliminate India because it is not a country that is close to France. This leaves us with England and Europe. Since James was crossing the channel, it is most likely that he was going to England, which is separated from France by the English Channel. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) England. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A thoroughfare meandered through fields and woods, where was it passing though? Answer Choices: (A) move about (B) city (C) country (D) town (E) new york city\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a thoroughfare is a road or street that is open at both ends and allows for the passage of vehicles. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) move about and (E) New York City, as they do not fit the definition of a thoroughfare. Next, we know that the thoroughfare is passing through fields and woods, which are typically found in rural or natural areas. This eliminates answer choices (B) city and (D) town, as they are more developed and do not typically have fields and woods. This leaves us with answer choice (C) country, which is the correct answer. The thoroughfare is passing through the countryside, or rural areas with fields and woods. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The electricity went out and everyone was shrouded in darkness.  They all remained in their seats, because it would have been dangerous to try to find there way out.  Where mihgt they have been? Answer Choices: (A) opera (B) concert (C) basement (D) bedroom (E) grand canyon\nA: Let's think step by step. The electricity went out, so it's likely that they were in a building or structure that relies on electricity for lighting. They all remained in their seats, so it's likely that they were in a place where people sit for an extended period of time. It would have been dangerous to try to find their way out, so it's likely that they were in a large, unfamiliar space. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (A) opera or (B) concert. Both of these events take place in large, darkened theaters or auditoriums where people sit for an extended period of time. The other options, (C) basement, (D) bedroom, and (E) Grand Canyon, do not fit the clues given. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A beaver is know for building prowess, their supplies come from where? Answer Choices: (A) british columbia (B) body of water (C) wooded area (D) pay debts (E) zoo\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that beavers are known for their building prowess. This means that they are skilled at building things. Next, we know that their supplies come from somewhere. This means that they need materials to build with. So, where do beavers get their supplies? The answer choices are: (A) British Columbia, (B) body of water, (C) wooded area, (D) pay debts, and (E) zoo. Out of these options, the most logical answer is (C) wooded area. Beavers are known for building dams and lodges out of sticks, branches, and mud. These materials can be found in wooded areas, making it the most likely source for their supplies. (B) body of water could also be a possible answer, as beavers use water to help them transport materials and build their structures. However, (C) wooded area is a more specific and accurate answer. (A) British Columbia is a location, not a source of supplies. (D) pay debts and (E) zoo are not relevant to beavers and their building prowess. Therefore, the best answer is (C) wooded area. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The merchant wanted to open in a high-traffic space, where did he rent space? Answer Choices: (A) mall (B) business (C) store (D) sale (E) sell goods\nA: Let's think step by step. The merchant wanted to open in a high-traffic space. This means that he wanted to open his business in a place where there are a lot of people passing by. So, where do you usually find a lot of people? In a mall! So, the answer is (A) mall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A thoroughfare meandered through fields and woods, where was it passing though? Answer Choices: (A) move about (B) city (C) country (D) town (E) new york city\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify the key word in the question. The key word is \"flop of cards.\" Next, we need to think about what the poker dealer is doing with the flop of cards. The answer choices are (A) players, (B) play games, (C) casino, (D) table, and (E) toy store. Out of these options, the most logical answer is (D) table. The poker dealer is spreading the cards out on a surface for the players to see, and the most likely surface for this to happen is a table. (A) players and (B) play games are not relevant to the action of spreading the cards. (C) casino and (E) toy store are not relevant to the question at all. Therefore, (D) table is the best answer. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Writers with a great what can amass a large fortune? Answer Choices: (A) cookie (B) bank (C) real estate (D) imagination (E) bank roll\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify the key word in the question. The key word is \"fortune.\" Next, we need to think about what can help someone amass a large fortune. The answer choices are (A) cookie, (B) bank, (C) real estate, (D) imagination, and (E) bank roll. Out of these options, the most logical answer is (D) imagination. Writers with a great imagination can come up with unique and successful ideas that can lead to a large fortune. (B) bank and (E) bank roll could also be possible answers, but they are not as closely related to the act of writing as (D) imagination. (A) cookie and (C) real estate are not relevant to the question at all. Therefore, (D) imagination is the best answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If someone rules the universe of what are they in charge? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) football game (C) everything (D) text book (E) lawbook\nA: Let's think step by step. If someone rules the universe, they are in charge of everything in the universe. So, the correct answer is (C) everything. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where do play a game for money? Answer Choices: (A) casino (B) football ground (C) ballpark (D) family room (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where people can play games for money. A toy store (E) is not a good option because it is a place where people buy toys, not play games for money. A family room (D) is also not a good option because it is usually a private space in someone's home, not a public place for playing games. A football ground (B) and a ballpark (C) are both places where people can play sports, but not necessarily for money. That leaves us with option (A) casino, which is a place specifically designed for gambling and playing games for money. So the correct answer is (A) casino. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find a toy soldier that is being played with? Answer Choices: (A) toy box (B) movies (C) child's hand (D) toybos (E) child park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a toy soldier is a type of toy. So, it would make sense that it would be found in a place where toys are kept or played with. This eliminates options B and E. Next, we know that the toy soldier is being played with, so it would likely be in the possession of a child. This eliminates option D. Finally, we know that the child is actively playing with the toy soldier, so it would most likely be in their hand. This leaves us with option C, child's hand, as the correct answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) cookie (C) stock market (D) real estate (E) treasure chest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man came from old money and had a fortune. This means that he was already wealthy. Next, we know that he made new money. This means that he increased his wealth. How did he do this? By making shrewd trades. This means that he was smart and strategic in his business dealings. Now, we need to figure out where he made these trades. The answer choices are: (A) eat cake, (B) cookie, (C) stock market, (D) real estate, and (E) treasure chest. We can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not logical places to make trades. Option (E) is also unlikely because a treasure chest is not a common place for business transactions. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). The stock market is a common place for people to make trades and increase their wealth, so this is the most likely answer. Real estate is also a possibility, but it is less likely because it is not explicitly mentioned in the sentence. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stock market. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where is one likely to find poker chips? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) pantry (C) motherboard (D) bar (E) bar\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because poker chips are not typically sold in supermarkets or kept in pantries. Next, we can eliminate option (C) because a motherboard is a computer component and would not be a place to find poker chips. This leaves us with options (D) and (E). Both a bar and a casino are common places to find poker chips, so either option could be correct. However, since option (E) is a repeat of option (D), we can eliminate it as well. Therefore, the most likely answer is (D) bar. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: A person with an allergy might be doing what if they awake suddenly? Answer Choices: (A) have fun (B) enjoy with friends (C) stretch (D) yawn (E) sneezing\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person has an allergy. This means that they have a reaction to something in their environment, such as pollen or dust. Next, we know that they awake suddenly. This means that they were sleeping and then suddenly woke up. So, what might a person with an allergy do when they awake suddenly? They might sneeze! Sneezing is a common symptom of allergies, as the body tries to expel the allergen. So, the correct answer is (E) sneezing. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When you need to rest it's often because you have been doing what? Answer Choices: (A) action (B) sleep (C) sleeping (D) in motion (E) using energy\nA: Let's think step by step. When you need to rest, it's often because you feel tired or exhausted. Why do you feel tired or exhausted? It's because you have been using energy. So, the correct answer is (E) using energy. The answer is E.\n\nQ: A person with an allergy might be doing what if they awake suddenly? Answer Choices: (A) have fun (B) enjoy with friends (C) stretch (D) yawn (E) sneezing\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person has an allergy. This means that they have a reaction to something in their environment, such as pollen or dust. Next, we know that they awake suddenly. This means that they were sleeping and then suddenly woke up. So, what might a person with an allergy do when they awake suddenly? They might sneeze! Sneezing is a common symptom of allergies, as the body tries to expel the allergen. So, the correct answer is (E) sneezing. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The student explained he had a clue what neuroepithelium was and got really nervous, he then lost his balance because a what issue? Answer Choices: (A) tastebud (B) retina (C) inner ear (D) nasal cavity (E) autistic\nA: Let's think step by step. The student explained he had a clue what neuroepithelium was and got really nervous. This means that he was talking about neuroepithelium, but he was not sure about it. This could be because he was not familiar with the term or because he was not confident in his understanding of it. This could cause him to feel nervous and lose his balance. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) tastebud and (B) retina are not related to neuroepithelium, so they can be eliminated. (E) autistic is also not related to neuroepithelium and does not make sense in this context. This leaves us with (C) inner ear and (D) nasal cavity. Both of these structures contain neuroepithelium, but the inner ear is responsible for balance and equilibrium, while the nasal cavity is responsible for smell. Since the student lost his balance, the correct answer is (C) inner ear. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you find an office worker gossiping with their colleagues? Answer Choices: (A) water cooler (B) space shuttle (C) baby shower (D) bus stop (E) family\nA: Let's think step by step. An office worker is someone who works in an office. Gossiping is talking about other people's personal lives or rumors. Colleagues are people who work together. So, where would an office worker gossip with their colleagues? The most likely answer is (A) water cooler. The water cooler is a common area in an office where people gather to get water and take breaks. It is a popular spot for office workers to chat and catch up with their colleagues. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The hostess greeted the employees to the program, she then led them to their what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) welcome guests (C) occupations (D) work room (E) seat customer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the hostess greeted the employees. Then, she led them to their...what? The answer choices are (A) group people, (B) welcome guests, (C) occupations, (D) work room, and (E) seat customer. Based on the context, it is most likely that the hostess led the employees to their work room. This is where they will be working during the program. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) work room. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would a corpse be covered by a blanket? Answer Choices: (A) bath store (B) bedroom (C) hospital (D) flower garden (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a corpse is a dead body. So, it would not be in a bath store or a flower garden. Next, it is not common for a corpse to be in a bedroom, unless it is a crime scene. That leaves us with the most likely answer, which is (C) hospital. In a hospital, a corpse may be covered by a blanket in a morgue or in a patient's room before being taken to the morgue. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A person with an allergy might be doing what if they awake suddenly? Answer Choices: (A) have fun (B) enjoy with friends (C) stretch (D) yawn (E) sneezing\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where would you go if you want to buy some clothes? Answer Choices: (A) mall (B) grocery store (C) grocery store (D) shop (E) supermarket\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what we want to buy. The question says \"if you want to buy some clothes,\" so we know we are looking for a place that sells clothes. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (B) grocery store and (E) supermarket are out because they do not typically sell clothes. (D) shop is a very general term and could refer to any type of store, so it is not specific enough. That leaves us with (A) mall and (C) department store. Both of these options could potentially sell clothes, but a mall typically has a larger variety of stores and is known for having clothing stores, so (A) mall is the best answer. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where will a cheap book be found? Answer Choices: (A) bookstore (B) classroom (C) discount store (D) school room (E) bedside table\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the book is cheap. This means that it is not expensive. So, we can eliminate options (A) bookstore and (D) school room because books in these places are usually more expensive. Next, we know that the book is cheap, so it is likely to be found in a place where things are sold at a lower price. This leads us to option (C) discount store. This is a place where items are sold at a discounted or lower price. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) discount store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: I picked from an apple tree outside of Fort Wayne, where am I? Answer Choices: (A) woods (B) illinois (C) indiana (D) washington state (E) tampa\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that you are outside of Fort Wayne. Fort Wayne is a city in Indiana. So, we can eliminate options B, D, and E. Next, we know that you picked from an apple tree. Apple trees are commonly found in orchards or in the wild, such as in woods or forests. However, since you specifically mentioned an apple tree, we can eliminate option A (woods) as it is too general. This leaves us with option C (Indiana) as the most likely answer. Therefore, you are most likely in Indiana. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Women used to be expected to wear a dress but it's now acceptable for them to wear what? Answer Choices: (A) man suit (B) pants (C) naked (D) action (E) long skirt\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that women used to be expected to wear a dress. This means that in the past, it was the norm for women to wear a dress. However, the question is asking about what is now acceptable for women to wear. This means that the norm has changed and women are now allowed to wear something different. So, we can eliminate options (A) man suit, (C) naked, and (E) long skirt because these were all acceptable in the past. This leaves us with options (B) pants and (D) action. Since (D) action does not make sense in this context, the correct answer must be (B) pants. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do you do when you're going to market? Answer Choices: (A) buy food (B) see other people (C) buying vegetables (D) buy a fat pig (E) traveling\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to the market, what is the main purpose? It is to buy things, right? So, the correct answer would be (A) buy food. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What regions of a town would you have found a dime store? Answer Choices: (A) commercial building (B) old movie (C) small neighborhood (D) past (E) mall\nA: Let's think step by step. A dime store is a type of store that sells inexpensive items. It is also known as a \"five and dime\" store. Based on this information, we can eliminate some of the answer choices. A dime store would not be found in an old movie or in the past, as it is a present-day term. It also would not be found in a mall, as malls typically have more expensive stores. This leaves us with the answer choices of a commercial building and a small neighborhood. A commercial building is a general term for any building used for business purposes, so it is possible that a dime store could be located there. However, a small neighborhood is a more specific location and could potentially have a dime store as it would serve the local community. Therefore, the most likely answer is (C) small neighborhood. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where are  you likely to find a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) fast food restaurant (B) pizza (C) ground up dead cows (D) mouth (E) cow carcus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a hamburger is a type of food. So, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not related to food. Next, we know that a hamburger is a popular food item that is often served in restaurants. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is not a location. This leaves us with options (A) and (B). However, pizza is not typically associated with hamburgers, so the correct answer is (A) fast food restaurant. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you go if you want to buy some clothes? Answer Choices: (A) mall (B) grocery store (C) grocery store (D) shop (E) supermarket\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what we want to buy. The question says \"if you want to buy some clothes,\" so we know we are looking for a place that sells clothes. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (B) grocery store and (E) supermarket are out because they do not typically sell clothes. (D) shop is a very general term and could refer to any type of store, so it is not specific enough. That leaves us with (A) mall and (C) department store. Both of these options could potentially sell clothes, but a mall typically has a larger variety of stores and is known for having clothing stores, so (A) mall is the best answer. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you go if you want to buy some clothes? Answer Choices: (A) mall (B) grocery store (C) grocery store (D) shop (E) supermarket\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: More people should lower the guard and just have fun, we don't got long just what? Answer Choices: (A) enjoy living (B) happy (C) enjoyable (D) get laid (E) do enjoy\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The sentence is saying that more people should let their guard down and have fun because life is short. So, the answer is (A) enjoy living. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you have a home with a courtyard, what's one thing you probably don't have to care for any longer? Answer Choices: (A) lawn (B) kids (C) asshole (D) spain (E) office complex\nA: Let's think step by step. A courtyard is an outdoor space that is surrounded by walls or buildings. So, if you have a courtyard, you probably don't have to care for a lawn any longer because the walls or buildings would cover the ground and prevent grass from growing. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) lawn. The answer is A.\n\nQ: How is a child eager to be going to play likely to get there? Answer Choices: (A) slowly (B) rush (C) being entertained (D) have fun (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the child is eager to play. This means that the child is excited and can't wait to start playing. Next, the question asks how the child is likely to get there. This means that we need to think about how the child will physically get to the place where they will play. The answer choices are (A) slowly, (B) rush, (C) being entertained, (D) have fun, and (E) enjoyment. Out of these choices, the best answer is (B) rush. This is because if the child is eager to play, they will most likely want to get there quickly so they can start having fun. They may even run or move quickly to get there faster. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The child may have fun and enjoy themselves once they get there, but that is not related to how they physically get there. Being entertained also does not make sense because the child is not being entertained while they are on their way to play. Finally, slowly does not make sense because the child is eager and excited, so they would not want to move slowly. Therefore, the best answer is (B) rush. The answer is B.\n\nQ: When you do something and have fun, its something you? Answer Choices: (A) spontaneous (B) stop working (C) pay for (D) do like (E) do enjoy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you do something. Then, you have fun. So, when you do something and have fun, it's something you enjoy. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) do enjoy. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Who is the guard here for? Answer Choices: (A) man post (B) attack (C) intimidation (D) prisoner (E) unprotected\nA: Let's think step by step. The guard is someone who is responsible for protecting or watching over something or someone. So, the guard is not for (C) intimidation or (E) unprotected. The guard is also not for (B) attack because they are not the ones attacking, they are preventing attacks. This leaves us with (A) man post and (D) prisoner. The guard could be for (A) man post if they are guarding a specific location or area. However, the most likely answer is (D) prisoner because guards are often responsible for watching over and controlling prisoners in jails or prisons. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where do you go on a night out before going to the bar? Answer Choices: (A) new york city (B) las vegas (C) restaurant (D) nightclub (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you might want to go somewhere to eat dinner. So, the answer is (C) restaurant. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) ready parlor for guests (C) welcome guests (D) work room (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. The hostess was good at her job. What was her job? Her job was to welcome guests. So, the answer is (C) welcome guests. The answer is C.\n\nQ: It's dangerous to let pet birds free so it's better to keep them what? Answer Choices: (A) slavery (B) caught (C) caged in (D) topfree (E) prisoner\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that it's dangerous to let pet birds free. This means that it's not safe for them to be outside without any restrictions. So, we can eliminate options (B) caught, (D) topfree, and (E) prisoner because they all suggest that the birds are not restricted in any way. Next, we can eliminate option (A) slavery because it is not appropriate to keep animals as slaves. This leaves us with option (C) caged in, which is the correct answer. Keeping pet birds in a cage is a safe and responsible way to ensure their well-being. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you keep an ottoman near your front door? Answer Choices: (A) living room (B) parlor (C) furniture store (D) basement (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an ottoman? An ottoman is a piece of furniture that is typically used as a footstool or for extra seating. It is usually placed in a living room or family room. So, the answer would be (A) living room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: More people should lower the guard and just have fun, we don't got long just what? Answer Choices: (A) enjoy living (B) happy (C) enjoyable (D) get laid (E) do enjoy\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is a person likely to experience after they stop being married to a mean person? Answer Choices: (A) isolation (B) grief (C) happiness (D) relief (E) angry\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person was married to a mean person, so it is likely that they were unhappy in the marriage. This eliminates options (C) and (E) because they both suggest positive emotions. Next, we know that the person is no longer married to the mean person, so they are likely to experience a change in their emotions. Option (A) - isolation - could be a possibility, but it is not directly related to the end of the marriage. Option (B) - grief - could also be a possibility, but it is not as strong as option (D) - relief - because it does not directly relate to the person's feelings after ending the marriage. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) relief. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: What would someone use a personal key for? Answer Choices: (A) car stand (B) at hotel (C) own home (D) front door (E) bus depot\nA: Let's think step by step. A personal key is a small object that is used to open or lock something. So, it is used to open or lock something. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A car stand is a place where cars are parked, so it doesn't make sense to use a personal key there. A hotel is a place where people stay temporarily, so it is unlikely that someone would use a personal key there. A bus depot is a place where buses come and go, so it is also unlikely that someone would use a personal key there. This leaves us with two options: own home and front door. Both of these options make sense because a personal key can be used to open or lock the front door of someone's own home. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) own home or (D) front door. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What emotion leads to punching? Answer Choices: (A) fists (B) hitting (C) boxing gloves (D) anger (E) hands\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that punching is a physical action, so we can eliminate answer choices (A), (B), and (C) as they are objects and not emotions. This leaves us with answer choices (D) and (E). Punching is often associated with aggression and violence, which are both expressions of anger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) anger. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What might a couple have a lot of when they are deciding on stopping being married to each other? Answer Choices: (A) pleasure (B) detachment (C) exercise (D) bankruptcy (E) fights\nA: Let's think step by step. When a couple is deciding on stopping being married to each other, it means that they are considering getting a divorce. This is usually a difficult and emotional decision, so it is unlikely that they would be experiencing pleasure. Detachment could be a possibility, as they may be feeling disconnected from each other and the relationship. Exercise and bankruptcy are not related to the decision to get a divorce. However, fights are a common occurrence when a couple is considering divorce, so the correct answer is (E) fights. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The newlyweds began copulating their marriage, they wanted many what? Answer Choices: (A) babies (B) odors (C) sadness (D) rapport (E) ejaculation\nA: Let's think step by step. The newlyweds began copulating their marriage. This means that they started having sex after getting married. So, what do newlyweds usually want after getting married? They usually want to start a family and have children. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) babies. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person needs medical attention. So, he should go to a place where he can receive medical care. That rules out options A, D, and E. Next, he needs immediate help, so he should go to a place where he can get help quickly. That rules out option B. That leaves us with option C, hospital, as the best answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: John loved his snake.  It was the only ting he loved. He hated everyone else and was abrasive to most people, but he loved his snake.   How might you describe the snake? Answer Choices: (A) sun itself (B) tropical forest (C) pet (D) rude (E) sharp\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that John loves his snake, so we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not relate to the snake being a pet. Next, we know that John is abrasive to most people, so we can eliminate option (D) because it does not fit with the idea of John loving the snake. This leaves us with option (C) - pet - as the best answer. Option (E) - sharp - could also be a possible answer, but it is not as strong as option (C) because it does not directly relate to the snake being a pet. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you have leftover cake, where would you put it? Answer Choices: (A) quandry (B) refrigerator (C) oven (D) night stand (E) bakery\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to consider where leftover cake should be stored. It is a food item, so it should be stored in a place where food is typically kept. This eliminates options A, D, and E. Next, we need to think about where in the kitchen food is typically stored. The oven is used for cooking, not storing food, so option C can be eliminated. This leaves us with option B, refrigerator, as the most logical answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What is a person likely to experience after they stop being married to a mean person? Answer Choices: (A) isolation (B) grief (C) happiness (D) relief (E) angry\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: What furniture will you normally find near a side chair? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) table (C) wheel barrow (D) building (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. A side chair is typically used for sitting, so it would make sense to have a table nearby for placing items or eating. A bedroom or office may also have a side chair for sitting at a desk or vanity. A wheelbarrow and building are not typically associated with side chairs. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) table. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? Answer Choices: (A) start fighting (B) play (C) lots of attention (D) petted (E) bone\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you have to approach the dog. Then, you have to reach out your hand. Next, you have to gently touch the dog's fur. Finally, you have to move your hand back and forth. Based on these steps, the correct answer is (D) petted. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where is a human likely to go as a result of being hungry? Answer Choices: (A) eat in restaurant (B) make bread (C) have lunch (D) cook dinner (E) friends house\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person is hungry. What is the first thing they might do? They might want to eat something. So, which answer choice involves eating something? Answer choice (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, and (D) cook dinner all involve eating something. Answer choice (B) make bread does not necessarily involve eating something, and answer choice (E) friend's house does not necessarily involve eating something either. So, the most likely answer is (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, or (D) cook dinner. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Bob's only light source was a small bulb.  There were four walls, if there was a door he couldn't see it.  What was Bob in? Answer Choices: (A) closed room (B) sky (C) dard (D) his grave (E) house\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Bob's only light source was a small bulb. This means that the room is dark and the only light is coming from the small bulb. 2. There were four walls. This means that Bob is in an enclosed space with four walls around him. 3. If there was a door he couldn't see it. This means that there is a possibility of a door, but it is not visible to Bob. Based on these clues, we can conclude that Bob is in a closed room. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) closed room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where is a good place to have a fireplace in a house? Answer Choices: (A) big house (B) train (C) cabin (D) living room (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. A fireplace is typically used for warmth and ambiance, so it would make sense to have it in a place where people spend a lot of time and want to feel cozy. A big house could have multiple fireplaces, but it would depend on the layout and purpose of each room. A train is not a practical place for a fireplace, as it is constantly moving and would be a fire hazard. A cabin, on the other hand, is a great place for a fireplace as it is often used as a vacation or retreat home and people want to feel warm and cozy in a natural setting. However, the most common and practical place for a fireplace would be in the living room of a home. This is where people gather to relax, entertain, and spend time with family and friends. So, the best answer would be (D) living room. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The place where my linen closet is really needs repainting a light color as it only has one overhead light. Answer Choices: (A) house (B) home (C) pool house (D) hallway (E) bedroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is where the linen closet is located. This suggests that it is likely a smaller, enclosed space. Next, we know that it needs repainting, so it is likely a room or area that has walls. Finally, we know that it only has one overhead light, which suggests that it may not have many windows or natural light sources. Based on these clues, the best answer is likely (D) hallway. A hallway is a smaller, enclosed space with walls that may not have many windows or natural light sources. It is also a common area in a house that may need repainting. (E) bedroom could also be a possible answer, but it is less likely as bedrooms typically have more than one light source and may not be as in need of repainting as a hallway. (A) house and (B) home are too broad and do not specifically refer to a smaller, enclosed space. (C) pool house is also too specific and does not fit the clues given. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you expect to find white mice? Answer Choices: (A) bell cat (B) bush (C) attic (D) countryside (E) laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. White mice are commonly used in scientific research, so we can eliminate options (A) and (B) as they do not seem like places where mice would be used for research. Option (C) is a possibility, as mice could potentially find their way into an attic. However, the most likely answer is (E) laboratory, as this is where white mice are specifically bred and kept for research purposes. Option (D) countryside is also a possibility, as mice can be found in many different environments, but it is not as specific as (E) laboratory. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) laboratory. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Though a mouse might prefer your house, you might also see him where? Answer Choices: (A) tin (B) department store (C) garden (D) small hole (E) cupboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the sentence says \"Though a mouse might prefer your house\". This means that the mouse would rather be in your house than somewhere else. Next, the sentence says \"you might also see him where?\" This means that the mouse could be seen in other places besides your house. So, the correct answer would be (C) garden, (D) small hole, or (E) cupboard. These are all places where a mouse could potentially be seen. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The man started to learn jogging, what was he hoping to do? Answer Choices: (A) exhaustion (B) getting in shape (C) fitness (D) injure himself (E) fatigue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man started to learn jogging. This means he is trying to learn how to jog. Why would someone want to learn how to jog? Jogging is a form of exercise, so perhaps he wants to exercise. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) exhaustion and (E) fatigue both mean being very tired, so these are not the correct answers. (D) injure himself is the opposite of what someone would want to do when learning a new activity, so this is not the correct answer either. This leaves us with (B) getting in shape and (C) fitness. Both of these answers are related to improving one's physical health and well-being, which is a common reason for starting to jog. However, (B) getting in shape is a more specific and direct answer, so it is the best choice. Therefore, the man was hoping to get in shape by learning how to jog. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John was my neighbor, it was easy to talk to him. He was never what? Answer Choices: (A) away (B) distant (C) remote person (D) bore (E) foe\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. John was my neighbor. 2. It was easy to talk to him. 3. He was never what? Based on the context, we can eliminate options A, D, and E because they do not fit the description of John being easy to talk to. Option C, \"remote person,\" is also unlikely because it does not make sense in the sentence. This leaves us with option B, \"distant,\" which means not friendly or not willing to talk. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) distant. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work, but once he got to his destination he balled it up and put it somewhere. Where did it put it? Answer Choices: (A) trash (B) floor (C) subway (D) ground (E) lawn\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work. This means that he was holding the newspaper in his hands while he was on his way to work. 2. Once he got to his destination, he balled it up. This means that he crumpled the newspaper into a ball. 3. Finally, he put it somewhere. This means that he placed the balled up newspaper in a specific location. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The player lifted his cornet and walked in rhythm, what was the player a member of? Answer Choices: (A) museum (B) high school band (C) marching band (D) orchestra (E) band\nA: Let's think step by step. The player lifted his cornet, so we know that he is a musician. Then, he walked in rhythm, which suggests that he is playing music while walking. This is a common practice in marching bands, where musicians play their instruments while marching in a synchronized manner. Therefore, the player is most likely a member of a marching band. The correct answer is (C) marching band. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you expect to find white mice? Answer Choices: (A) bell cat (B) bush (C) attic (D) countryside (E) laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. White mice are commonly used in scientific research, so we can eliminate options (A) and (B) as they do not seem like places where mice would be used for research. Option (C) is a possibility, as mice could potentially find their way into an attic. However, the most likely answer is (E) laboratory, as this is where white mice are specifically bred and kept for research purposes. Option (D) countryside is also a possibility, as mice can be found in many different environments, but it is not as specific as (E) laboratory. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) laboratory. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: By learning about the world, many poor college students gain what? Answer Choices: (A) pleasure (B) greater mobility (C) desire to travel (D) global warming (E) increased security\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what the question is asking. The question is asking about the benefits that poor college students gain from learning about the world. The answer choices are (A) pleasure, (B) greater mobility, (C) desire to travel, (D) global warming, and (E) increased security. Out of these choices, the only one that makes sense is (B) greater mobility. By learning about the world, students gain knowledge and understanding of different cultures and perspectives, which can increase their ability to navigate and adapt to different environments. This can lead to greater mobility and opportunities for personal and professional growth. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) greater mobility. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a person who is good at sports considered? Answer Choices: (A) lazy (B) own house (C) talented (D) affluent (E) reproduce\nA: Let's think step by step. A person who is good at sports is someone who is skilled and successful in athletic activities. This person is likely to be physically fit, dedicated, and hardworking. They may also possess qualities such as determination, discipline, and perseverance. Based on these characteristics, we can eliminate options A, B, and D. Option E is not relevant to the context. Therefore, the correct answer is C) talented. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When learning about the world and different cultures, what is important if you are committed to eliminating preconceived notions Answer Choices: (A) newness (B) loss of innocence (C) enlightenment (D) open mind (E) smartness\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is the main goal? The main goal is to eliminate preconceived notions. So, what is important in order to achieve this goal? It is important to have an open mind. This means being willing to learn and consider new ideas without judgment or bias. So, the correct answer is (D) open mind. (A) newness is not necessarily important, as it implies a focus on novelty rather than understanding. (B) loss of innocence is not relevant to the goal of eliminating preconceived notions. (C) enlightenment is a possible outcome of having an open mind, but it is not the most important factor. (E) smartness is also not as important as having an open mind, as intelligence does not necessarily equate to open-mindedness. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The man didn't do great in college, all his best memories were late night with his brothers at the what? Answer Choices: (A) big city (B) fraternity house (C) school (D) building (E) big town\nA: Let's think step by step. The man didn't do great in college, so he probably didn't have a lot of academic success. This means that his best memories probably didn't come from studying or attending classes. Instead, his best memories were late night with his brothers. This suggests that he had a close group of friends or a community that he enjoyed spending time with. The answer choices are (A) big city, (B) fraternity house, (C) school, (D) building, and (E) big town. Out of these options, the best answer is (B) fraternity house. This is because a fraternity house is a place where a group of male students live together and form a close bond. Late nights with his brothers at the fraternity house would be a common and likely enjoyable experience for the man. The answer is B.\n\nQ: When a human is earning money, where are they often found? Answer Choices: (A) deep thought (B) park (C) friend's house (D) place of work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. When a human is earning money, it means they are working. So, where do people usually work? The answer is (D) place of work. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Animals make up a large part of the? Answer Choices: (A) carrying cargo (B) favorite (C) ecosystem (D) nature (E) ecology\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what the question is asking. The question is asking about animals and their role in something. The answer choices are (A) carrying cargo, (B) favorite, (C) ecosystem, (D) nature, and (E) ecology. Out of these choices, the only one that makes sense is (C) ecosystem. Animals play a crucial role in maintaining balance and diversity in ecosystems, making them a large part of the ecosystem. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) ecosystem. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you buy food? Answer Choices: (A) freezer (B) store (C) home (D) hatred (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what we are buying. The question says \"food,\" so we can eliminate options A, C, and E because they are not places where you can buy food. Option D, \"hatred,\" is also not a place where you can buy food. That leaves us with option B, \"store.\" A store is a place where you can buy food, so that is the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: By learning about the world, many poor college students gain what? Answer Choices: (A) pleasure (B) greater mobility (C) desire to travel (D) global warming (E) increased security\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The newlyweds began copulating their marriage, they wanted many what? Answer Choices: (A) babies (B) odors (C) sadness (D) rapport (E) ejaculation\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The newlyweds began copulating their marriage. This means that they started having sex after getting married. So, what do newlyweds usually want after getting married? They usually want to start a family and have children. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) babies. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What could an apple tree do? Answer Choices: (A) new hampshire (B) bloom (C) washington state (D) sunshine (E) spontaneously combust\nA: Let's think step by step. An apple tree is a type of tree that produces apples. So, it cannot be a place like New Hampshire or Washington State. It also cannot produce sunshine or spontaneously combust. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) bloom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Copulating with the wrong partner may be ill advised, many diseases can be transferred that can cause different types of what? Answer Choices: (A) intense pleasure (B) ejaculation (C) period of rest (D) enjoyment (E) skin irritation\nA: Let's think step by step. Copulating with the wrong partner may be ill advised. Why? Because many diseases can be transferred. What can these diseases cause? Different types of what? The answer choices are intense pleasure, ejaculation, period of rest, enjoyment, and skin irritation. Which one of these is the best answer? The best answer is skin irritation. Why? Because diseases can cause skin irritation, but they cannot cause intense pleasure, ejaculation, period of rest, or enjoyment. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skin irritation. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The newlyweds began copulating their marriage, they wanted many what? Answer Choices: (A) babies (B) odors (C) sadness (D) rapport (E) ejaculation\nA: Let's think step by step. The newlyweds began copulating their marriage. This means that they started having sex after getting married. So, what do newlyweds usually want after getting married? They usually want to start a family and have children. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) babies. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find an office worker gossiping with their colleagues? Answer Choices: (A) water cooler (B) space shuttle (C) baby shower (D) bus stop (E) family\nA: Let's think step by step. An office worker is someone who works in an office. Gossiping is talking about other people's personal lives or rumors. Colleagues are people who work together. So, where would an office worker gossip with their colleagues? The most likely answer is (A) water cooler. The water cooler is a common area in an office where people gather to get water and take breaks. It is a popular spot for office workers to chat and catch up with their colleagues. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The business men left the discussion in the dressing room, now they just wanted to relax in the sauna of the what? Answer Choices: (A) brush hair (B) theater (C) house (D) dwelling (E) bathhouse\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the business men left the discussion in the dressing room. Then, they wanted to relax. So, what kind of place would they go to relax? The answer choices are: brush hair, theater, house, dwelling, and bathhouse. Out of these options, the most likely place for them to relax would be a bathhouse. So, the answer is (E) bathhouse. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When wildlife reproduce we often refer to what comes out as what? Answer Choices: (A) raise children (B) have children (C) photo copy (D) offspring (E) accidently got pregnant somehow\nA: Let's think step by step. When wildlife reproduce, they are creating new life. This new life is often referred to as offspring. So, the answer is (D) offspring. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The newlyweds began copulating their marriage, they wanted many what? Answer Choices: (A) babies (B) odors (C) sadness (D) rapport (E) ejaculation\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: How does going jogging generally affect one's self esteem? Answer Choices: (A) feel better (B) feel pride (C) sweating (D) ocean (E) arthritis\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about the effect of going jogging on one's self esteem. So, we can eliminate options (D) ocean and (E) arthritis because they are not related to self esteem. Next, we can eliminate option (C) sweating because it is a physical response to jogging, not a psychological one. This leaves us with options (A) feel better and (B) feel pride. Both of these options suggest a positive effect on self esteem, but only option (B) specifically mentions pride, which is a feeling of satisfaction and confidence in oneself. This matches the idea of self esteem, so the correct answer is (B) feel pride. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The flower grew tall to compete for sunlight, what did its neighbor do? Answer Choices: (A) blossom (B) park (C) open (D) cast shadow (E) vase\nA: Let's think step by step. The flower grew tall to compete for sunlight. This means that the flower needed sunlight to survive and grow. So, its neighbor must have done something to block the sunlight. Out of the given answer choices, only \"cast shadow\" makes sense in this context. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cast shadow. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you spend a long time running after a ball how are you likely to feel? Answer Choices: (A) laughter (B) sweating (C) embarrassed (D) breathing heavily (E) tiredness\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you are running after a ball. This means you are physically active and moving your body. This will likely cause you to sweat, as your body is working hard to keep you cool. Additionally, running for a long time can be tiring, so you may feel tiredness. You may also feel out of breath and be breathing heavily. Depending on the situation, you may also feel embarrassed if you are struggling to catch the ball or if you fall while running. Laughter may also be a possible emotion, especially if you are playing with friends and having a good time. However, the most likely answer is (E) tiredness, as running for a long time can be physically exhausting. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the result of applying for  job? Answer Choices: (A) anxiety and fear (B) increased workload (C) praise (D) less sleep (E) being employed\nA: Let's think step by step. When you apply for a job, you are submitting your application and resume to a potential employer. This means that you are actively seeking employment. So, the result of applying for a job is most likely being employed (E). However, it is important to note that the actual outcome may vary and could potentially include any of the other answer choices as well. For example, you may experience anxiety and fear (A) while waiting to hear back from the employer, or you may receive praise (C) for your qualifications and experience during the application process. Additionally, being employed (E) may also lead to an increased workload (B) and potentially less sleep (D) as you adjust to your new job. So, while being employed (E) is the most direct and likely result of applying for a job, it is important to consider that there may be other outcomes as well. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Jenny enjoyed helping people.  It brought her a great deal of what? Answer Choices: (A) satisfaction (B) complications (C) train (D) feel good about yourself (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Jenny enjoyed helping people. This means that she found it enjoyable or pleasurable. So, we can eliminate options (B) and (C) because they do not match the meaning of \"enjoyed.\" Next, we know that helping people brought Jenny something. This means that it had a positive effect on her. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it suggests a neutral or negative effect. This leaves us with options (A) and (E). Both of these options suggest a positive effect, but only option (A) specifically mentions satisfaction, which is a feeling of contentment or fulfillment. This matches the idea of enjoying something, so the correct answer is (A) satisfaction. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person needs medical attention. So, he should go to a place where he can receive medical care. That rules out options A, D, and E. Next, he needs immediate help, so he should go to a place where he can get help quickly. That rules out option B. That leaves us with option C, hospital, as the best answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What do animals do when an enemy is approaching? Answer Choices: (A) feel pleasure (B) procreate (C) pass water (D) listen to each other (E) sing\nA: Let's think step by step. When an enemy is approaching, animals are likely to feel fear or anxiety. This eliminates option (A) feel pleasure. Option (B) procreate is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to focus on survival rather than reproduction in this situation. Option (C) pass water is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to hold their bladder and focus on the approaching threat. Option (E) sing is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to use their energy to flee or defend themselves rather than sing. This leaves us with option (D) listen to each other. Animals may communicate with each other through vocalizations or body language to warn each other of the approaching enemy. This is a common survival tactic in the animal kingdom. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to each other. The answer is D.\n\nQ: To get clean clothes you to what to them? Answer Choices: (A) get dirty (B) writing (C) use water (D) launder (E) soap\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to put your dirty clothes in the washing machine. Then, you need to add soap or detergent to the machine. Next, you need to turn on the machine and let it fill with water. After that, you need to select the appropriate cycle and let the machine do its job. Finally, when the cycle is finished, you need to take out your clean clothes and put them in the dryer or hang them to dry. So, to get clean clothes, you need to launder them. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) launder. The answer is D.\n\nQ: How does going jogging generally affect one's self esteem? Answer Choices: (A) feel better (B) feel pride (C) sweating (D) ocean (E) arthritis\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Why would a woman kill a stranger she met in a dark alley? Answer Choices: (A) being raped (B) get rid of (C) they didn't know the passcode (D) get revenge (E) were evil\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that a woman killed a stranger she met in a dark alley. Next, we are given a reason for why she may have done this. The only option that makes sense is (A) being raped. This is a possible motive for someone to commit murder, especially in a dark and isolated place like an alley. The other options do not fit with the scenario given. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: What would someone use a personal key for? Answer Choices: (A) car stand (B) at hotel (C) own home (D) front door (E) bus depot\nA: Let's think step by step. A personal key is a small object that is used to open or lock something. So, it is used to open or lock something. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A car stand is a place where cars are parked, so it doesn't make sense to use a personal key there. A hotel is a place where people stay temporarily, so it is unlikely that someone would use a personal key there. A bus depot is a place where buses come and go, so it is also unlikely that someone would use a personal key there. This leaves us with two options: own home and front door. Both of these options make sense because a personal key can be used to open or lock the front door of someone's own home. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) own home or (D) front door. The answer is C.\n\nQ: There was a long cottage somewhere.  People thought it was haunted.  It was overgrown, there was nothing near it.  It's was far into the what? Answer Choices: (A) mountains (B) countryside (C) train (D) painting (E) village\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that there is a long cottage somewhere. Next, we know that people think it is haunted. Then, we know that it is overgrown and there is nothing near it. Finally, we are given a clue that it is far into something. Based on the context, the most logical answer would be (B) countryside. The other options do not fit with the description of the cottage being overgrown and isolated. The answer is B.\n\nQ: In a horror movie victims usually trip when the run in order to do what in regards to the killer? Answer Choices: (A) frightened (B) run up stairs (C) get away from (D) go quickly (E) go faster\nA: Let's think step by step. In a horror movie, victims usually trip when they run. Why do they run? They run to get away from the killer. So, the answer is (C) get away from. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you want to kill someone you can do what to them with a gun? Answer Choices: (A) sip through (B) damnation (C) shoot (D) commit crime (E) eat breakfast\nA: Let's think step by step. If you want to kill someone, you can do what to them with a gun? Well, you can shoot them. So the correct answer is (C) shoot. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Killing people should not cause what emotion? Answer Choices: (A) vengeance (B) going to prison (C) joy (D) afraid (E) terrible\nA: Let's think step by step. Killing people is a serious and harmful act that can cause harm and suffering to others. It is not something that should be taken lightly or celebrated. Therefore, the emotion that should not be associated with killing people is joy. Joy is a positive and happy emotion, and it is not appropriate to feel joy when causing harm to others. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) joy. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where does a maid empty a trash can? Answer Choices: (A) bus stop (B) corner (C) hockey game (D) motel (E) alley\nA: Let's think step by step. A maid is someone who cleans and maintains a house or hotel. So, where would a maid be working? A motel! And where would a trash can be located in a motel? In the room or in the hallway. So, where would a maid empty a trash can? In the motel! The correct answer is (D) motel. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The electricity went out and everyone was shrouded in darkness.  They all remained in their seats, because it would have been dangerous to try to find there way out.  Where mihgt they have been? Answer Choices: (A) opera (B) concert (C) basement (D) bedroom (E) grand canyon\nA: Let's think step by step. The electricity went out, so it's likely that they were in a building or structure that relies on electricity for lighting. They all remained in their seats, so it's likely that they were in a place where people sit for an extended period of time. It would have been dangerous to try to find their way out, so it's likely that they were in a large, unfamiliar space. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (A) opera or (B) concert. Both of these events take place in large, darkened theaters or auditoriums where people sit for an extended period of time. The other options, (C) basement, (D) bedroom, and (E) Grand Canyon, do not fit the clues given. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: I want my wine stored in darkness, where should it go? Answer Choices: (A) movies (B) bed (C) moon (D) vault (E) cellar\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that darkness is the key factor, so we can eliminate options (A) movies and (B) bed. Next, we know that wine is typically stored in a cool place, so we can eliminate option (C) moon. This leaves us with options (D) vault and (E) cellar. Both of these options could potentially work, but the most common and traditional place to store wine is in a cellar, so the correct answer is (E) cellar. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Why would a woman kill a stranger she met in a dark alley? Answer Choices: (A) being raped (B) get rid of (C) they didn't know the passcode (D) get revenge (E) were evil\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What could committing murder prevent someone from doing? Answer Choices: (A) go to jail (B) cry (C) find god (D) guilty conscience (E) problems\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, committing murder is a serious crime that can result in going to jail. However, this is not the only consequence. It can also prevent someone from finding God or having a clear conscience. It may also prevent them from crying, as they may feel numb or disconnected from their emotions. Therefore, the best answer would be (C) find God, as it is a more general and overarching consequence. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: What do you use to carry your briefcase? Answer Choices: (A) office building (B) school (C) courtroom (D) airport (E) hand\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to have a briefcase. Then, you need to carry it somewhere. So, the answer is not the briefcase itself, but the method of carrying it. The correct answer is (E) hand. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If the president wanted to ban snakes, where would he issue such a decree? Answer Choices: (A) street (B) tropical forest (C) garden of eden (D) new mexico (E) white house\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine where the president has the authority to issue decrees. The president is the leader of the United States, so it would make sense for him to issue decrees from a location that represents the country. This narrows down our options to the White House, which is the official residence and workplace of the president. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) White House. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What would you do to a rock when climb up a cliff? Answer Choices: (A) grab (B) look down (C) throw (D) falling (E) may fall\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would grab onto the rock to help pull yourself up. Then, you might look down to check your progress or to see how far you have left to climb. You would not throw the rock, as that could be dangerous for anyone below you. Falling is a possibility, but hopefully you would not fall if you are properly secured with ropes and safety equipment. So, the best answer would be (A) grab. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you want to kill someone you can do what to them with a gun? Answer Choices: (A) sip through (B) damnation (C) shoot (D) commit crime (E) eat breakfast\nA: Let's think step by step. If you want to kill someone, you can do what to them with a gun? Well, you can shoot them. So the correct answer is (C) shoot. The answer is C.\n\nQ: what does someone have that causes them committing murder? Answer Choices: (A) problems (B) distress (C) fear (D) go to jail (E) killer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, someone has a problem. This problem causes them distress. This distress leads to fear. This fear may then lead to them committing murder. So, the answer is (A) problems. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person needs medical attention. So, he should go to a place where he can receive medical care. That rules out options A, D, and E. Next, he needs immediate help, so he should go to a place where he can get help quickly. That rules out option B. That leaves us with option C, hospital, as the best answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would a corpse be covered by a blanket? Answer Choices: (A) bath store (B) bedroom (C) hospital (D) flower garden (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a corpse is a dead body. So, it would not be in a bath store or a flower garden. Next, it is not common for a corpse to be in a bedroom, unless it is a crime scene. That leaves us with the most likely answer, which is (C) hospital. In a hospital, a corpse may be covered by a blanket in a morgue or in a patient's room before being taken to the morgue. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What could committing murder prevent someone from doing? Answer Choices: (A) go to jail (B) cry (C) find god (D) guilty conscience (E) problems\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The table wasn't level.  some parts were higher and some were lower with no rhyme or reason.   It was very what? Answer Choices: (A) electrical circuit (B) build evenly (C) uneven (D) unbalanced (E) tilted\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The table wasn't level. This means that it was not flat and even. Some parts were higher and some were lower. This means that the surface of the table was not consistent. There was no rhyme or reason, meaning that there was no logical or predictable pattern to the unevenness. Putting all of this together, we can say that the table was very uneven. So, the correct answer is (C) uneven. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The landscaper was carefully arching stones together, he was creating an elaborate what over the creek? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) made from rocks (C) balloon (D) field (E) bridge\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the landscaper is arching stones together. This means that he is arranging the stones in a curved shape. Next, he is creating something over the creek. This means that he is building something that goes over the creek. So, the correct answer is (E) bridge. The landscaper is creating an elaborate bridge over the creek. The answer is E.\n\nQ: After standing up I had to sit right back down, why would I feel like this? Answer Choices: (A) train (B) effort (C) balance (D) feet (E) muscles\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you stood up. This requires effort from your muscles. Then, you had to sit back down. This requires balance to avoid falling. So, the correct answer is (C) balance. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do most companies not want to have relative to demand? Answer Choices: (A) oversupply (B) plentitude (C) stockpile (D) superabundance (E) busy\nA: Let's think step by step. Companies want to have enough supply to meet demand, but they do not want to have too much supply. So, what is the opposite of having too much supply? It is having too little supply. Therefore, the answer is (A) oversupply. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The table wasn't level.  some parts were higher and some were lower with no rhyme or reason.   It was very what? Answer Choices: (A) electrical circuit (B) build evenly (C) uneven (D) unbalanced (E) tilted\nA: Let's think step by step. The table wasn't level. This means that it was not flat and even. Some parts were higher and some were lower. This means that the surface of the table was not consistent. There was no rhyme or reason, meaning that there was no logical or predictable pattern to the unevenness. Putting all of this together, we can say that the table was very uneven. So, the correct answer is (C) uneven. The answer is C.\n\nQ: You'll find a landing at the top of what? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) apartment building (C) stairwell (D) airport (E) room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a landing. A landing is a flat area at the top of a set of stairs or at the end of a hallway. So, we can eliminate options (A) ocean and (D) airport because they do not have stairs or hallways. Next, we need to think about where we would typically find stairs or hallways. Option (B) apartment building and (E) room both have stairs and hallways, so they could potentially have a landing. However, option (C) stairwell specifically mentions stairs, so it is the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stairwell. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Why did the heavy metal band need electricity at the stadium? Answer Choices: (A) concert (B) bedroom (C) make person sick (D) building (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the heavy metal band is performing at a stadium. This means that they are most likely having a concert. So, the answer is (A) concert. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find the sharpest parts of a triangle? Answer Choices: (A) three vertices (B) point (C) 3 sides (D) three sides (E) math book\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a triangle? A triangle is a 2-dimensional shape with three straight sides and three angles. Next, what are the parts of a triangle? The parts of a triangle are the three sides and three angles. Now, what is the sharpest part of a triangle? The sharpest part of a triangle is the point where two sides meet, also known as the vertex. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) three vertices. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The table wasn't level.  some parts were higher and some were lower with no rhyme or reason.   It was very what? Answer Choices: (A) electrical circuit (B) build evenly (C) uneven (D) unbalanced (E) tilted\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: If student got a list of supplies from class like paper and pencils, their parent would have to go where? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) parking garage (C) store (D) backpack (E) cabinet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the student would need to get the list of supplies from class. This would most likely happen in the classroom. Then, the parent would need to go to a place where they can purchase the supplies. This would most likely be a store. So, the correct answer is (C) store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do parents tell a child to do on the weekend? Answer Choices: (A) study (B) begin school (C) go out to play (D) row boat (E) clean room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a weekend is. A weekend is a period of time that includes Saturday and Sunday, usually considered as a time for leisure and recreation. So, what do parents usually want their child to do during this time? They want them to relax and have fun! Therefore, the correct answer is (C) go out to play. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The kids didn't clean up after they had done what? Answer Choices: (A) learn things (B) play games (C) disneyland (D) play with toys (E) talking\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the kids did something. Then, they didn't clean up. So, what could they have done that would require cleaning up afterwards? The answer is (D) play with toys. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where does a maid empty a trash can? Answer Choices: (A) bus stop (B) corner (C) hockey game (D) motel (E) alley\nA: Let's think step by step. A maid is someone who cleans and maintains a house or hotel. So, where would a maid be working? A motel! And where would a trash can be located in a motel? In the room or in the hallway. So, where would a maid empty a trash can? In the motel! The correct answer is (D) motel. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The teacher played on the upright piano, she was explaining the song to all the students in the what? Answer Choices: (A) music room (B) bathroom (C) house (D) living room (E) music store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the teacher is playing on an upright piano. This suggests that she is in a room with a piano, so we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Next, she is explaining the song to all the students. This suggests that she is in a room with students, so we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with option A, the music room, as the most likely answer. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you put uncooked crab meat? Answer Choices: (A) wharf (B) red lobster (C) tidepools (D) boss's office (E) stew pot\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that uncooked crab meat is not a living crab, so it wouldn't be found in a natural environment like tidepools. It also wouldn't be found in a restaurant like Red Lobster or in a workplace like the boss's office. That leaves us with two options: the wharf or a stew pot. The wharf is a place where seafood is often caught and sold, so it's possible that uncooked crab meat could be found there. However, the most likely place for uncooked crab meat would be in a stew pot, as that is where it would be cooked and prepared for consumption. So, the correct answer is (E) stew pot. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: He was on trial for obstructing justice, during which he made a questionable comment and was also found guilty of what? Answer Choices: (A) prosecution (B) getting hurt (C) sweat (D) steam (E) committing perjury\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": "1. He was on trial for obstructing justice. This means that he was accused of interfering with the legal process and preventing justice from being served. 2. During the trial, he made a questionable comment. This means that he said something that raised doubts or concerns about his actions or intentions. 3. He was also found guilty of something. This means that the court determined that he was responsible for a wrongdoing. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man laid on the soft moss and looked up at the trees, where was the man? Answer Choices: (A) niagra falls (B) forest (C) waterfall (D) ground (E) tree\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is laying on soft moss, so he is not on a hard surface like the ground or a waterfall. He is also looking up at trees, so he must be in a place with tall trees. This eliminates options A and C. The man is also able to lay down comfortably, so he is not on a tree. This leaves us with option B, forest, as the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do the terms need to be in order to compete against someone? Answer Choices: (A) cheat (B) fair (C) in competition (D) practice (E) sabotage\nA: Let's think step by step. In order to compete against someone, you need to be in a competition. This means that both parties are participating in the same event or activity. However, in order for the competition to be fair, both parties must follow the rules and not cheat. This means that the correct answer is (B) fair. The other options, such as (A) cheat, (C) in competition, (D) practice, and (E) sabotage, are not necessary for competing against someone. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you want to kill someone you can do what to them with a gun? Answer Choices: (A) sip through (B) damnation (C) shoot (D) commit crime (E) eat breakfast\nA: Let's think step by step. If you want to kill someone, you can do what to them with a gun? Well, you can shoot them. So the correct answer is (C) shoot. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He was on trial for obstructing justice, during which he made a questionable comment and was also found guilty of what? Answer Choices: (A) prosecution (B) getting hurt (C) sweat (D) steam (E) committing perjury\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. He was on trial for obstructing justice. This means that he was accused of interfering with the legal process and preventing justice from being served. 2. During the trial, he made a questionable comment. This means that he said something that raised doubts or concerns about his actions or intentions. 3. He was also found guilty of something. This means that the court determined that he was responsible for a wrongdoing. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The dad wanted to protect his house, where did he put his gun? Answer Choices: (A) police station (B) crime scene (C) restroom (D) drawer (E) holster\nA: Let's think step by step. The dad wanted to protect his house, so he needed to have his gun ready. Where would be the most logical place for him to keep his gun? It wouldn't make sense for him to keep it at the police station or at a crime scene, as those are not places where he would have easy access to it. It also wouldn't make sense for him to keep it in the restroom, as that is not a secure location. The most logical answer would be (D) drawer, as that is a common place for people to keep their personal belongings and it would be easily accessible for the dad to grab in case of an emergency. (E) holster could also be a possible answer, as some people choose to carry their guns in a holster on their person. However, without any further context, (D) drawer seems like the most logical answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Lawyers often talk in front of an audience where? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) courtroom (C) office building (D) press charges (E) theatre\nA: Let's think step by step. Lawyers are professionals who represent clients in court. So, where do lawyers usually work? They work in a courtroom. So, the answer is (B) courtroom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The shark actually counted as evidence, so where did the legal team bring it? Answer Choices: (A) court room (B) shallow waters (C) poker game (D) sea world (E) pond arena\nA: Let's think step by step. The legal team brought the shark as evidence, so it must have been brought to a place where evidence is presented. This eliminates options (B) shallow waters, (D) sea world, and (E) pond arena. The shark was also used in a legal case, so it must have been brought to a place where legal proceedings take place. This eliminates option (C) poker game. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) court room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: He was on trial for obstructing justice, during which he made a questionable comment and was also found guilty of what? Answer Choices: (A) prosecution (B) getting hurt (C) sweat (D) steam (E) committing perjury\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What kind of place has a revolving door and has things to buy in it? Answer Choices: (A) new york (B) public place (C) bank (D) mall (E) supermarket door\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place has a revolving door. This eliminates options (A) and (E) because they do not have revolving doors. Next, we know that the place has things to buy in it. This eliminates option (B) because it does not specify a specific type of place. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). Both banks and malls have revolving doors and things to buy in them. However, a bank typically only has a few items for sale, such as financial services or basic office supplies. A mall, on the other hand, has a wide variety of stores and products for sale. Therefore, the most likely answer is (D) mall. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is a good place to store pamphlets in your home or office? Answer Choices: (A) library (B) health department (C) mail box (D) drawer (E) bookstore\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine what type of pamphlets we are talking about. If they are informational pamphlets, then the best place to store them would be in a drawer or a designated filing cabinet. This will keep them organized and easily accessible when needed. If the pamphlets are related to health or medical information, then storing them in a designated folder or binder in a health department or doctor's office would be a good idea. If the pamphlets are related to books or literature, then a bookstore or library would be a suitable place to store them. A mailbox would not be a good place to store pamphlets as they could easily get lost or damaged. So, the best answer would be (D) drawer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where outside of a city would a squirrel live? Answer Choices: (A) roof (B) inside home (C) forest (D) yard (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. A squirrel is a small animal that likes to climb trees and gather nuts. It needs a place that is safe and has access to food. Based on these clues, the best answer would be (C) forest. Squirrels are commonly found in forests, where they can easily climb trees and find food. The other options, such as (A) roof, (B) inside home, (D) yard, and (E) park, may not provide the same level of safety and access to food for a squirrel. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What do you do when you're going to market? Answer Choices: (A) buy food (B) see other people (C) buying vegetables (D) buy a fat pig (E) traveling\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to the market, what is the main purpose? It is to buy things, right? So, the correct answer would be (A) buy food. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sarah gave her brother a guy to her home.  While she was gone, he used it to do what? Answer Choices: (A) front door (B) turn lock (C) solution to problem (D) install (E) open doors\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah gave her brother a key to her home. What can he do with a key? He can use it to open doors. So the correct answer is (E) open doors. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What kind of place has a revolving door and has things to buy in it? Answer Choices: (A) new york (B) public place (C) bank (D) mall (E) supermarket door\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place has a revolving door. This eliminates options (A) and (E) because they do not have revolving doors. Next, we know that the place has things to buy in it. This eliminates option (B) because it does not specify a specific type of place. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). Both banks and malls have revolving doors and things to buy in them. However, a bank typically only has a few items for sale, such as financial services or basic office supplies. A mall, on the other hand, has a wide variety of stores and products for sale. Therefore, the most likely answer is (D) mall. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would one find a snake in a cage? Answer Choices: (A) tropical forest (B) oregon (C) woods (D) pet store (E) louisiana\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the snake is in a cage, so it is not in the wild. This eliminates options A, B, and C. Next, we know that the snake is in a cage, so it is likely being kept as a pet. This leaves us with option D, pet store, as the most likely answer. Option E, Louisiana, is also a possible answer as there may be snakes in cages at a zoo or animal sanctuary in Louisiana. However, without more context, it is difficult to determine which answer is the most correct. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you put a dollar if you want to go to a store and buy something with it? Answer Choices: (A) cash drawer (B) teh bank (C) safety deposit box (D) pocket (E) piggy bank\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to take the dollar out of your pocket or piggy bank. Then, you would need to bring it with you to the store. Once you are at the store, you would give the dollar to the cashier in exchange for the item you want to buy. So, the correct answer would be (D) pocket. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What kind of place has a revolving door and has things to buy in it? Answer Choices: (A) new york (B) public place (C) bank (D) mall (E) supermarket door\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Billy lived in the capital of his country, then he moved.  Where might he move to? Answer Choices: (A) small town (B) jail (C) lower case (D) contain governmental activities (E) lowercase\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that Billy lived in the capital of his country. This means that he lived in the city where the government is located. Next, we know that he moved. This means that he left the capital city and went to a different location. Based on this information, we can infer that Billy moved to a place that is not the capital city and does not contain governmental activities. This eliminates options (C) and (D). Option (B) jail is not a likely answer, as people do not typically choose to move to jail. Option (E) lowercase is not a suitable answer, as it does not refer to a location. This leaves us with option (A) small town, which is the most likely answer. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: James was looking for a good place to buy farmland.  Where might he look? Answer Choices: (A) midwest (B) countryside (C) estate (D) farming areas (E) illinois\nA: Let's think step by step. James is looking for farmland, so we can eliminate options C and E (estate and Illinois) since they do not specifically mention farmland. Option B (countryside) could be a good choice, but it is a bit vague. Option D (farming areas) is a good choice, but it is still a bit broad. Option A (Midwest) is the best choice because it specifically mentions a region known for its farmland. So, the correct answer is A) Midwest. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Of all the sports, Billy enjoys football, but what does his concerned mother think of the sport? Answer Choices: (A) very entertaining (B) fun (C) slow (D) competitive (E) violent\nA: Let's think step by step. Billy enjoys football. This means that he finds it entertaining, fun, competitive, and possibly even violent. However, his mother is concerned about the sport. This means that she does not share the same positive feelings about football as Billy does. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) violent. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the process of going somewhere? Answer Choices: (A) fire (B) energy (C) car (D) transporting (E) staying in place\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to decide where you want to go. Then, you need to plan your route and mode of transportation. This could involve using a car, taking public transportation, or walking. Next, you need to gather any necessary items, such as a map or tickets. Once you have everything you need, you physically move from your starting point to your destination. This could involve driving, riding a bus or train, or walking. Finally, you arrive at your destination and complete any necessary tasks or activities. The process of going somewhere involves a combination of decision-making, planning, physical movement, and arrival at a destination. So, the best answer would be (D) transporting. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Billy liked driving cars.  He was good at it.  But he was rattled ever since his father experienced what? Answer Choices: (A) transportation (B) pollution (C) stress (D) death (E) go somewhere\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Billy likes driving cars and is good at it. Next, we know that something happened to his father that has rattled him. Based on these clues, we can infer that Billy's father experienced a car accident or possibly even death while driving a car. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) death. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work, but once he got to his destination he balled it up and put it somewhere. Where did it put it? Answer Choices: (A) trash (B) floor (C) subway (D) ground (E) lawn\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work. This means that he was holding the newspaper in his hands while he was on his way to work. 2. Once he got to his destination, he balled it up. This means that he crumpled the newspaper into a ball. 3. Finally, he put it somewhere. This means that he placed the balled up newspaper in a specific location. The answer is A.\n\nQ: In the building where James worked there was a small mezzanine in the auditorium to make more space for seats.  Where might James work? Answer Choices: (A) theater (B) floors (C) concert hall (D) education (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. James works in a building. The building has an auditorium. In the auditorium, there is a small mezzanine. The purpose of the mezzanine is to make more space for seats. Based on this information, we can infer that James works in a place where there are performances or events that require an auditorium. This could be a theater, concert hall, or school. However, since the mezzanine was built to make more space for seats, it is more likely that James works in a theater or concert hall where there are larger audiences. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) theater or (C) concert hall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Joe is a  squirrel, which is an animal. He probably lives in what sort of place. Answer Choices: (A) pet store (B) outside (C) woodland (D) ocean (E) cafe\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joe is a squirrel, which is an animal. So, we can eliminate options (A) pet store and (E) cafe, as these are not natural habitats for animals. Next, we know that squirrels are typically found in trees and are known for gathering and storing nuts. This leads us to the most likely answer, (C) woodland, as this is a type of forest or wooded area where trees and nuts can be found. Option (B) outside is a bit too general and could refer to any outdoor location, so it is not as specific as (C) woodland. Option (D) ocean is also not a suitable answer, as squirrels are land animals and do not live in water. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) woodland. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The merchant wanted to open in a high-traffic space, where did he rent space? Answer Choices: (A) mall (B) business (C) store (D) sale (E) sell goods\nA: Let's think step by step. The merchant wanted to open in a high-traffic space. This means that he wanted to open his business in a place where there are a lot of people passing by. So, where do you usually find a lot of people? In a mall! So, the answer is (A) mall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Billy lived in the capital of his country, then he moved.  Where might he move to? Answer Choices: (A) small town (B) jail (C) lower case (D) contain governmental activities (E) lowercase\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: what does someone have that causes them committing murder? Answer Choices: (A) problems (B) distress (C) fear (D) go to jail (E) killer\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, someone has a problem. This problem causes them distress. This distress leads to fear. This fear may then lead to them committing murder. So, the answer is (A) problems. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What emotion leads to punching? Answer Choices: (A) fists (B) hitting (C) boxing gloves (D) anger (E) hands\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that punching is a physical action, so we can eliminate answer choices (A), (B), and (C) as they are objects and not emotions. This leaves us with answer choices (D) and (E). Punching is often associated with aggression and violence, which are both expressions of anger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) anger. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you want to kill someone you can do what to them with a gun? Answer Choices: (A) sip through (B) damnation (C) shoot (D) commit crime (E) eat breakfast\nA: Let's think step by step. If you want to kill someone, you can do what to them with a gun? Well, you can shoot them. So the correct answer is (C) shoot. The answer is C.\n\nQ: what does someone have that causes them committing murder? Answer Choices: (A) problems (B) distress (C) fear (D) go to jail (E) killer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, someone has a problem. This problem causes them distress. This distress leads to fear. This fear may then lead to them committing murder. So, the answer is (A) problems. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The dad wanted to protect his house, where did he put his gun? Answer Choices: (A) police station (B) crime scene (C) restroom (D) drawer (E) holster\nA: Let's think step by step. The dad wanted to protect his house, so he needed to have his gun ready. Where would be the most logical place for him to keep his gun? It wouldn't make sense for him to keep it at the police station or at a crime scene, as those are not places where he would have easy access to it. It also wouldn't make sense for him to keep it in the restroom, as that is not a secure location. The most logical answer would be (D) drawer, as that is a common place for people to keep their personal belongings and it would be easily accessible for the dad to grab in case of an emergency. (E) holster could also be a possible answer, as some people choose to carry their guns in a holster on their person. However, without any further context, (D) drawer seems like the most logical answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Lawyers often talk in front of an audience where? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) courtroom (C) office building (D) press charges (E) theatre\nA: Let's think step by step. Lawyers are professionals who represent clients in court. So, where do lawyers usually work? They work in a courtroom. So, the answer is (B) courtroom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If someone was making breakfast, they'd probably put two slices of bread in the what? Answer Choices: (A) plastic bag (B) pantry (C) supermarket (D) toaster (E) prison\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person would probably get the bread from the pantry or supermarket. Then, they would put the bread in the toaster to toast it. So, the correct answer is (D) toaster. The answer is D.\n\nQ: what does someone have that causes them committing murder? Answer Choices: (A) problems (B) distress (C) fear (D) go to jail (E) killer\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where can a bath towel be borrowed? Answer Choices: (A) cupboard (B) at hotel (C) swimming pool (D) clothes line (E) backpack\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what a bath towel is. A bath towel is a large towel used for drying oneself after bathing or showering. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A cupboard is a piece of furniture with shelves or drawers used for storing or displaying items. A hotel is a place where people can stay temporarily, but it is not likely that a bath towel can be borrowed from a hotel. A swimming pool is a place where people swim, but it is not likely that a bath towel can be borrowed from a swimming pool. A clothes line is a rope or wire on which washed clothes are hung to dry, but it is not likely that a bath towel can be borrowed from a clothes line. A backpack is a bag with shoulder straps that is used to carry things on one's back, but it is not likely that a bath towel can be borrowed from a backpack. Out of these options, the only place where a bath towel can be borrowed is at a hotel. Hotels often provide towels for their guests to use during their stay. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) at hotel. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where can books be read? Answer Choices: (A) cabinet (B) backpack (C) table (D) shelf (E) sink\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what books are. Books are objects that contain written or printed pages bound together. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A cabinet is a piece of furniture with shelves or drawers used for storing or displaying items. A backpack is a bag with shoulder straps that is used to carry things on one's back. A table is a piece of furniture with a flat top and one or more legs, used as a surface for working at, eating from, or on which to place things. A shelf is a flat, horizontal board or surface used for storing or displaying items. A sink is a fixed basin with a water supply and drain, used for washing hands, dishes, and other objects. Out of these options, the only place where books can be read is at a table. A table provides a flat surface for the book to rest on and allows the reader to sit comfortably while reading. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) table. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where could a personal ficus live? Answer Choices: (A) cabin in the woods (B) california (C) front yard (D) conservatory (E) tropical forest\nA: Let's think step by step. A personal ficus is a type of plant, so it needs a suitable environment to survive. It is not likely to survive in a cabin in the woods or a tropical forest, as these environments may not provide the necessary conditions for the plant to thrive. It could potentially survive in California, as it has a mild climate and suitable growing conditions. However, the best options would be in a front yard or a conservatory, as these environments can be controlled and provide the necessary sunlight, water, and temperature for the ficus to grow and thrive. So, the correct answer would be (C) front yard or (D) conservatory. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What will a person going for a jog likely be wearing? Answer Choices: (A) grope (B) acknowledgment (C) comfortable clothes (D) ipod (E) passionate kisses\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a person is going for a jog. This means they will be doing some physical activity, so they will likely want to wear comfortable clothes. This eliminates options A, B, and E. Next, we can assume that they may want to listen to music while they jog, so they may have an iPod with them. This leaves us with option D. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) iPod. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is the main purpose of having a bath? Answer Choices: (A) cleanness (B) wetness (C) exfoliation (D) use water (E) hygiene\nA: Let's think step by step. What is the main purpose of having a bath? The main purpose of having a bath is to clean oneself. So, the correct answer is (A) cleanness. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The smelly man was having a bath, but what is he pursuing? Answer Choices: (A) hydration (B) being clear (C) personal cleanliness (D) will drown (E) use of water\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is having a bath, which means he is using water. The question asks what he is pursuing, which means what is his goal or intention. So, what is the purpose of using water in this situation? It is most likely for personal cleanliness, as taking a bath is a common way to clean oneself. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) personal cleanliness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where could you find a toilet that only friends can use? Answer Choices: (A) rest area (B) school (C) stadium (D) apartment (E) hospital\nA: Let's think step by step. A toilet that only friends can use would likely be found in a private or restricted area. A rest area, stadium, and hospital are all public places where anyone can use the toilet. A school could potentially have a private toilet for teachers or staff, but it is still accessible to students. That leaves us with (D) apartment as the most likely answer, as it is a private residence where only friends of the resident would have access to the toilet. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The business men left the discussion in the dressing room, now they just wanted to relax in the sauna of the what? Answer Choices: (A) brush hair (B) theater (C) house (D) dwelling (E) bathhouse\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the business men left the discussion in the dressing room. Then, they wanted to relax. So, what kind of place would they go to relax? The answer choices are: brush hair, theater, house, dwelling, and bathhouse. Out of these options, the most likely place for them to relax would be a bathhouse. So, the answer is (E) bathhouse. The answer is E.\n\nQ: A human wants to submerge himself in water, what should he use? Answer Choices: (A) whirlpool bath (B) coffee cup (C) cup (D) soft drink (E) puddle\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find something that can hold water. A whirlpool bath, cup, and soft drink can all hold water, but a coffee cup and puddle are too small. Next, we need to find something that a human can fit into. A whirlpool bath is the only option that is big enough for a human to submerge themselves in. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) whirlpool bath. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where can you store you spare linens near your socks? Answer Choices: (A) hospital (B) chest (C) home (D) dresser drawers (E) cabinet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place to store our spare linens. The options given are (A) hospital, (B) chest, (C) home, (D) dresser drawers, and (E) cabinet. Since we are looking for a place in our own home, we can eliminate option (A) hospital. Next, we need to find a place near our socks. This means we need to find a place in our bedroom or closet. Option (B) chest, (D) dresser drawers, and (E) cabinet are all common furniture pieces found in a bedroom or closet. However, option (D) dresser drawers specifically mentions storing items like socks, so this is the best answer. Option (C) home is too general and could refer to any room in the house, so it is not the best answer. Therefore, the best answer is (D) dresser drawers. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where can a bath towel be borrowed? Answer Choices: (A) cupboard (B) at hotel (C) swimming pool (D) clothes line (E) backpack\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What would you do if you have curiosity but are blind and paralyzed? Answer Choices: (A) hear news (B) analyse (C) go somewhere (D) examine thing (E) see favorite show\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand the limitations of being blind and paralyzed. This means that the person cannot see or move their body. So, options (A) hear news and (E) see favorite show are not possible. Next, we need to think about what actions are still possible for someone who is blind and paralyzed. They could potentially analyze things and examine them, but it would be difficult without the use of their senses. Going somewhere may also be difficult, depending on the person's mobility. Therefore, the best answer would be (D) examine things. This could involve using their other senses, such as touch and smell, to explore and learn about their surroundings. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If a person stutters when he experiences anxiety or excitement, he'll have difficult doing what? Answer Choices: (A) express information (B) dance (C) library (D) go somewhere (E) study\nA: Let's think step by step. If a person stutters when he experiences anxiety or excitement, it means that he has difficulty speaking fluently. So, the correct answer is (A) express information. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If I am suffering from boredom, and I want to see something beautiful, what should I do? Answer Choices: (A) see art (B) see ghost (C) watch film (D) grocery shop (E) do crossword puzzle\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are feeling bored, you are probably looking for something to stimulate your senses and bring some excitement into your life. Seeing a ghost or doing a crossword puzzle may not necessarily achieve this goal. Grocery shopping may be a necessary task, but it may not provide the beauty you are seeking. Watching a film could potentially be a good option, as it can transport you to a different world and show you beautiful landscapes or scenes. However, the best answer would be to see art. This could mean visiting a museum or art gallery, attending a concert or performance, or even just taking a walk in nature and appreciating the beauty around you. Art has the power to inspire and uplift us, and can often be the perfect antidote to boredom. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What would you do to a crime scene before asking a question? Answer Choices: (A) express information (B) touch everything (C) think (D) give clue (E) analyse\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we would need to secure the crime scene and make sure no evidence is disturbed. This means not touching anything and not giving any clues. Next, we would need to analyze the scene and gather information. Once we have a clear understanding of the scene, we can start asking questions to gather more information. So, the correct answer would be (E) analyze. The answer is E.\n\nQ: As he looked out the window, he knew the landing was happening soon, and it made him nervous, but where would he be soon? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) disembark (C) stairwell (D) deplane (E) airport\nA: Let's think step by step. The person is on a plane, and they are looking out the window. They know that the landing is happening soon, which means that the plane is going to touch down on the ground. So, where would the person be soon? They would be on the ground, at the airport. The correct answer is (E) airport. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you get a toothpick if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) box (B) grocery store (C) eyes (D) chewing (E) mouth\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where toothpicks are commonly found. A box could potentially contain toothpicks, but it depends on what type of box it is. A grocery store is a more likely place to find toothpicks, as they are often sold in the household goods section. Eyes and chewing are not logical options for obtaining a toothpick. The mouth could potentially be used to hold a toothpick, but it is not a place to get one. Therefore, the best answer is (B) grocery store. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What would you do if you have curiosity but are blind and paralyzed? Answer Choices: (A) hear news (B) analyse (C) go somewhere (D) examine thing (E) see favorite show\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: How can someone die from eating hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) gas (B) getting full (C) mad cow disease (D) death (E) feel full\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. Eating hamburger is a common activity and does not typically result in death. However, there are certain circumstances in which someone could potentially die from eating hamburger. One possible cause of death could be food poisoning from bacteria such as E. coli or salmonella, which can be present in undercooked or contaminated hamburger meat. Another potential cause of death could be choking on a large piece of hamburger or a foreign object that may have been present in the meat. Additionally, if someone has a severe allergy to a certain ingredient in the hamburger, they could potentially go into anaphylactic shock and die. Lastly, as mentioned in the answer choices, someone could potentially contract mad cow disease from eating contaminated beef, which can be fatal. So, the correct answer to this question would be (C) mad cow disease. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is hard to read note likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) fridge (B) sheet music (C) desk (D) bed (E) medical chart\nA: Let's think step by step. A hard to read note is likely to be in a place where it is not easily accessible or visible. It could also be in a place where it is not meant to be read by others. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (E) medical chart. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where does a heifer's master live? Answer Choices: (A) farm house (B) barnyard (C) stockyard (D) slaughter house (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a heifer? A heifer is a young female cow that has not yet had a calf. So, where do cows live? Cows typically live on a farm. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) farm house - This could be a possible answer, as the farmer who owns the heifer may live in a farm house on the same property. (B) barnyard - This is also a possible answer, as cows often live in a barn or barnyard on a farm. (C) stockyard - This is less likely, as a stockyard is a place where livestock are kept temporarily before being sold or transported. (D) slaughter house - This is not a likely answer, as a heifer is not typically kept in a slaughter house. (E) eat cake - This is not a relevant answer, as it does not relate to the question. So, the most likely answer is (A) farm house or (B) barnyard. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Jim decided to lose weight.  He thought that exercise is the best way to lose weight because you can't get rid of what? Answer Choices: (A) need for food (B) fitness (C) sweating (D) fastfood (E) thirst\nA: Let's think step by step. Jim decided to lose weight. What is the best way to lose weight? Exercise. Why? Because you can't get rid of what? The need for food. So the correct answer is (A) need for food. The answer is A.\n\nQ: How can someone die from eating hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) gas (B) getting full (C) mad cow disease (D) death (E) feel full\nA: Let's think step by step. Eating hamburger is a common activity and does not typically result in death. However, there are certain circumstances in which someone could potentially die from eating hamburger. One possible cause of death could be food poisoning from bacteria such as E. coli or salmonella, which can be present in undercooked or contaminated hamburger meat. Another potential cause of death could be choking on a large piece of hamburger or a foreign object that may have been present in the meat. Additionally, if someone has a severe allergy to a certain ingredient in the hamburger, they could potentially go into anaphylactic shock and die. Lastly, as mentioned in the answer choices, someone could potentially contract mad cow disease from eating contaminated beef, which can be fatal. So, the correct answer to this question would be (C) mad cow disease. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He has lactose intolerant, but was eating dinner made of cheese, what followed for him? Answer Choices: (A) digestive (B) feel better (C) sleepiness (D) indigestion (E) illness\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he ate dinner made of cheese. Then, he has lactose intolerance. What does this mean? It means that his body cannot digest lactose, which is a sugar found in dairy products like cheese. So, what will follow for him? He will most likely experience indigestion, which is discomfort or pain in the stomach caused by difficulty digesting food. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) indigestion. The answer is D.\n\nQ: When a main artery is used to expedite travel what would it be referred to as? Answer Choices: (A) neck (B) busy city (C) own brain (D) thruway (E) food\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The question is asking for a term that refers to a main artery used for travel. 2. The term \"artery\" is often used to describe a major road or highway that connects different areas. 3. The word \"expedite\" means to make something happen faster or more efficiently. 4. Putting these together, the answer would be (D) thruway, as it is a term commonly used to describe a major highway or road that allows for faster travel between different areas. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where are  you likely to find a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) fast food restaurant (B) pizza (C) ground up dead cows (D) mouth (E) cow carcus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a hamburger is a type of food. So, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not related to food. Next, we know that a hamburger is a popular food item that is often served in restaurants. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is not a location. This leaves us with options (A) and (B). However, pizza is not typically associated with hamburgers, so the correct answer is (A) fast food restaurant. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How can someone die from eating hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) gas (B) getting full (C) mad cow disease (D) death (E) feel full\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: I'm having some food at my party, what will I need to serve it? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) pan (C) bowl (D) kitchen (E) spoon\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, you will need a place to prepare and cook the food, so you will need a kitchen. Next, you will need something to cook the food in, so you will need a pan. Once the food is cooked, you will need something to serve it in, so you will need a bowl. Finally, you will need utensils to eat the food with, so you will need spoons. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spoon. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where could a sloth live? Answer Choices: (A) tropical jungle (B) manual (C) work (D) transit (E) countryside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what a sloth is. A sloth is a type of animal, specifically a mammal. Sloths are known for being slow-moving and spending most of their time hanging upside down in trees. So, where would a sloth be able to do this? Definitely not in a manual, work, or transit setting. These are all human-made environments that would not be suitable for a sloth. The countryside could be a possibility, but it may not have the right type of trees for a sloth to live in. That leaves us with the tropical jungle. This is the best answer because it is a natural environment with tall trees that sloths can hang from and plenty of leaves for them to eat. So, the correct answer is (A) tropical jungle. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do you need energy to do in gym class? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) tacos (C) mass (D) play sports (E) wrestle\nA: Let's think step by step. What do you do in gym class? You play sports, right? So, what do you need energy for? You need energy to play sports. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) play sports. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What do people do for food? Answer Choices: (A) talk to each other (B) complete job (C) wear hats (D) kill animals (E) believe in god\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what food is. Food is something that people eat to provide nourishment and energy for their bodies. So, what do people do for food? They eat it! Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) talk to each other - While people may talk to each other while eating, talking is not the main action people do for food. (B) complete job - Completing a job may provide people with money to buy food, but it is not the main action people do for food. (C) wear hats - Wearing hats has nothing to do with food. (D) kill animals - This is a possible answer. People may hunt or raise animals for food. (E) believe in god - Believing in god may provide people with spiritual nourishment, but it is not directly related to food. So, the best answer is (D) kill animals. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The chef wanted to perfect his craft, what did he do? Answer Choices: (A) thin potatos (B) prepare food (C) study french cooking (D) drink (E) cook dinner\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the chef wanted to perfect his craft. This means he wanted to become better at cooking. So, what did he do to achieve this goal? Did he thin potatoes? No, thinning potatoes is a specific task, not a way to improve overall cooking skills. Did he prepare food? Yes, this is a general task that all chefs do, but it's not specific to improving one's craft. Did he study French cooking? This is a specific type of cuisine, so it's possible that studying it could help him improve his craft. Did he drink? No, drinking is not a productive way to improve one's cooking skills. Did he cook dinner? This is a general task that all chefs do, but it's not specific to improving one's craft. So, the best answer is C) study French cooking. By studying a specific type of cuisine, the chef can learn new techniques and flavors that can help him improve his overall cooking skills. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If I want to open a steakhouse, what should I get first? Answer Choices: (A) michigan (B) florida (C) wine (D) texas (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need a location for your steakhouse. So, the first thing you should get is a building. Once you have a building, you can start thinking about the other important elements such as the menu, staff, and decor. Wine can also be an important aspect of a steakhouse, but it can be purchased later on. So, the correct answer would be (E) building. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) ready parlor for guests (C) welcome guests (D) work room (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. The hostess was good at her job. What was her job? Her job was to welcome guests. So, the answer is (C) welcome guests. The answer is C.\n\nQ: I'm having some food at my party, what will I need to serve it? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) pan (C) bowl (D) kitchen (E) spoon\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need a place to prepare and cook the food, so you will need a kitchen. Next, you will need something to cook the food in, so you will need a pan. Once the food is cooked, you will need something to serve it in, so you will need a bowl. Finally, you will need utensils to eat the food with, so you will need spoons. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spoon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: I'm having some food at my party, what will I need to serve it? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) pan (C) bowl (D) kitchen (E) spoon\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: While knitting you can do what using a radio? Answer Choices: (A) listen to music (B) watch television (C) making blankets (D) eat (E) watching tv\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, what is the main activity in this scenario? Knitting. So, what can you do while knitting? You can listen to music, watch television, make blankets, or eat. But, can you watch television while knitting? No, because your hands are busy with the knitting needles. So, the correct answer is (A) listen to music. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time? Answer Choices: (A) shelter (B) floor (C) warm place (D) farmhouse (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the kitten's mother is a mouser, meaning she is good at catching mice. Next, we know that the kitten is going to grow up to be a mouser like its mother. So, where would the kitten need to spend most of its time in order to learn how to be a good mouser? The best answer would be (D) farmhouse, as this is where the mother would most likely be catching mice and the kitten could observe and learn from her. The answer is D.\n\nQ: You can do knitting to get the feeling of what? Answer Choices: (A) relaxation (B) arthritis (C) adrenaline (D) your (E) sweater may produced\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is knitting? Knitting is a craft or hobby where you use two needles to create fabric by interlocking loops of yarn. Now, what does knitting involve? It involves repetitive and rhythmic movements of the hands and fingers. So, what feeling might this repetitive and rhythmic movement create? It can create a feeling of relaxation. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) relaxation. The answer is A.\n\nQ: While knitting you can do what using a radio? Answer Choices: (A) listen to music (B) watch television (C) making blankets (D) eat (E) watching tv\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is the main activity in this scenario? Knitting. So, what can you do while knitting? You can listen to music, watch television, make blankets, or eat. But, can you watch television while knitting? No, because your hands are busy with the knitting needles. So, the correct answer is (A) listen to music. The answer is A.\n\nQ: His parents thought he was suffering from boredom, but the teen loved to lay in bed and just do what? Answer Choices: (A) meet interesting people (B) lift weights (C) listen to music (D) play chess (E) entertain\nA: Let's think step by step. The teen loves to lay in bed and do something. What are some things that you can do while laying in bed? You can meet interesting people, lift weights, listen to music, play chess, or entertain. Out of these options, which one do you think is the most likely for a teen to do while laying in bed? It's probably not lifting weights or meeting interesting people, as those activities require more physical movement. It's also unlikely that the teen is entertaining others while laying in bed. That leaves us with listening to music or playing chess. While both are possible, listening to music seems like a more common and relaxing activity for a teen to do while laying in bed. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) listen to music. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you have a stove if you don't live in a detached dwelling? Answer Choices: (A) tent (B) car (C) living room (D) friend's house (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a stove is. A stove is a kitchen appliance used for cooking food. It usually consists of an oven and burners on top for cooking on pots and pans. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A tent is not a suitable place for a stove as it is a temporary shelter and does not have a proper kitchen setup. A car is also not a suitable place for a stove as it is a small and confined space. A living room is a common area in a house, but it is not a suitable place for a stove as it is not a designated kitchen area. A friend's house could be a possibility, but it would depend on whether they have a stove and if they are willing to let you use it. The most suitable answer would be an apartment. An apartment is a type of housing that is attached to other units and typically has a designated kitchen area with a stove. Therefore, if you don't live in a detached dwelling, you would most likely have a stove in your apartment. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If a car-less person want to listen to talk radio in private, where might they listen to it? Answer Choices: (A) trunk (B) bedroom (C) diner (D) space shuttle (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person does not have a car, so they cannot listen to talk radio in a car. Next, we know that they want to listen to it in private, so they cannot listen to it in a public place like a diner or a shop. That leaves us with two options: bedroom and space shuttle. Since most people do not have access to a space shuttle, the most likely answer is (B) bedroom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: While knitting you can do what using a radio? Answer Choices: (A) listen to music (B) watch television (C) making blankets (D) eat (E) watching tv\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If you really wanted a grape, where would you go to get it? Answer Choices: (A) winery (B) fruit stand (C) field (D) kitchen (E) food\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, grapes are a type of fruit, so we can eliminate options (A) winery and (D) kitchen. Next, grapes are typically grown in fields, so option (C) field seems like a good choice. However, we can also find grapes at a fruit stand, so option (B) fruit stand is also a possible answer. Finally, option (E) food is too broad and does not specifically mention grapes, so we can eliminate it as well. Therefore, the best answer would be either (B) fruit stand or (C) field. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If I did not have a rosebush, where would I get one? Answer Choices: (A) pot (B) museum (C) garden center (D) formal garden (E) backyard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells plants. A pot is not a place, it is a container. A museum is not likely to sell plants. A formal garden may have rosebushes, but it is not a place where you can buy one. A backyard is also not a place where you can buy a rosebush. That leaves us with the garden center. This is a place specifically designed for buying plants, including rosebushes. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) garden center. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What do you do when you're going to market? Answer Choices: (A) buy food (B) see other people (C) buying vegetables (D) buy a fat pig (E) traveling\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to the market, what is the main purpose? It is to buy things, right? So, the correct answer would be (A) buy food. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Dan fell off a bar stool.  He did this because he was what than ever before? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) drunker (C) tavern (D) restaurant (E) shorter\nA: Let's think step by step. Dan fell off a bar stool. This means that he was sitting on a bar stool and then he fell off of it. So, what could have caused him to fall off the bar stool? One possible reason could be that he was not sitting properly on the stool. Another reason could be that he lost his balance. But why would he lose his balance? This could be because he was not in a stable state. And what could cause him to not be in a stable state? One possible answer could be that he was drunk. So, the correct answer is (B) drunker. Dan fell off a bar stool because he was drunker than ever before. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If I want to open a steakhouse, what should I get first? Answer Choices: (A) michigan (B) florida (C) wine (D) texas (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need a location for your steakhouse. So, the first thing you should get is a building. Once you have a building, you can start thinking about the other important elements such as the menu, staff, and decor. Wine can also be an important aspect of a steakhouse, but it can be purchased later on. So, the correct answer would be (E) building. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you hear a violin along side many string and wind instruments? Answer Choices: (A) school (B) string quartet (C) orchestra (D) kitchen (E) music room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a violin is a string instrument. So, we can eliminate options (A), (D), and (E) because they do not mention any string instruments. Next, we know that a string quartet is a small group of four string instruments, so it is unlikely that there would be \"many\" string and wind instruments in a string quartet. This leaves us with options (C) and (B). However, a string quartet typically only has four instruments, while an orchestra can have many more. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) orchestra. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you put uncooked crab meat? Answer Choices: (A) wharf (B) red lobster (C) tidepools (D) boss's office (E) stew pot\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that uncooked crab meat is not a living crab, so it wouldn't be found in a natural environment like tidepools. It also wouldn't be found in a restaurant like Red Lobster or in a workplace like the boss's office. That leaves us with two options: the wharf or a stew pot. The wharf is a place where seafood is often caught and sold, so it's possible that uncooked crab meat could be found there. However, the most likely place for uncooked crab meat would be in a stew pot, as that is where it would be cooked and prepared for consumption. So, the correct answer is (E) stew pot. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you really wanted a grape, where would you go to get it? Answer Choices: (A) winery (B) fruit stand (C) field (D) kitchen (E) food\nA: Let's think step by step. First, grapes are a type of fruit, so we can eliminate options (A) winery and (D) kitchen. Next, grapes are typically grown in fields, so option (C) field seems like a good choice. However, we can also find grapes at a fruit stand, so option (B) fruit stand is also a possible answer. Finally, option (E) food is too broad and does not specifically mention grapes, so we can eliminate it as well. Therefore, the best answer would be either (B) fruit stand or (C) field. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you really wanted a grape, where would you go to get it? Answer Choices: (A) winery (B) fruit stand (C) field (D) kitchen (E) food\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What would use a musical instrument? Answer Choices: (A) guitar (B) music room (C) orchestra (D) case (E) movie\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to use - a musical instrument. Next, we need to think about what we can do with a musical instrument - play music. Now, we need to think about who or what would use a musical instrument to play music. The best answer would be an orchestra, as it is a group of musicians who play instruments together to create music. However, a guitar can also be used to play music, so the correct answer is (A) guitar and (C) orchestra. The answer is A and C.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you buy a finely crafted writing instrument? Answer Choices: (A) nasa (B) classroom (C) stationery store (D) purse (E) office supply store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells writing instruments. Option A, nasa, is not a place where you can buy writing instruments. Option B, classroom, is a place where you can find writing instruments, but it is not a store. Option D, purse, is not a place where you can buy writing instruments. This leaves us with options C and E. Option C, stationery store, is a store that specializes in selling writing instruments and other office supplies. Option E, office supply store, is also a store that sells writing instruments, but it may not have as wide of a selection as a stationery store. Therefore, the best answer is (C) stationery store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where could a personal ficus live? Answer Choices: (A) cabin in the woods (B) california (C) front yard (D) conservatory (E) tropical forest\nA: Let's think step by step. A personal ficus is a type of plant, so it needs a suitable environment to survive. It is not likely to survive in a cabin in the woods or a tropical forest, as these environments may not provide the necessary conditions for the plant to thrive. It could potentially survive in California, as it has a mild climate and suitable growing conditions. However, the best options would be in a front yard or a conservatory, as these environments can be controlled and provide the necessary sunlight, water, and temperature for the ficus to grow and thrive. So, the correct answer would be (C) front yard or (D) conservatory. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A child wants to play, what would they likely want? Answer Choices: (A) fall down (B) breathe (C) play tag (D) be dismembered by a chainsaw (E) become adult\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options B and E because they are not related to playing. Next, we can eliminate option D because it is violent and not a typical desire for a child. This leaves us with options A and C. While children may enjoy falling down, it is not typically something they actively seek out. Therefore, the most likely answer is C) play tag. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do parents tell a child to do on the weekend? Answer Choices: (A) study (B) begin school (C) go out to play (D) row boat (E) clean room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a weekend is. A weekend is a period of time that includes Saturday and Sunday, usually considered as a time for leisure and recreation. So, what do parents usually want their child to do during this time? They want them to relax and have fun! Therefore, the correct answer is (C) go out to play. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The man closed his eyes as the music played, what effect did the music have? Answer Choices: (A) coma (B) enjoyable (C) soothing (D) universal (E) good or bad\nA: Let's think step by step. The man closed his eyes. This suggests that the music had some sort of impact on him. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A coma is a state of unconsciousness, so it is unlikely that the music would have put the man in a coma. \"Enjoyable\" is a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily explain why the man closed his eyes. \"Soothing\" seems like a better fit, as it suggests that the music had a calming effect on the man. \"Universal\" doesn't make sense in this context, as it refers to something that is applicable to everyone. Lastly, \"good or bad\" is too broad and doesn't provide a specific effect. Therefore, the best answer is (C) soothing. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you find a large dining room containing a fancy chandelier? Answer Choices: (A) mansion (B) every house (C) own home (D) table (E) restaurant\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A dining room is a room in a house where people eat meals. 2. A large dining room would be bigger than a regular dining room, so it would likely be found in a bigger house. 3. A fancy chandelier is a decorative light fixture, often found in elegant or luxurious settings. 4. Putting all of this together, the most likely answer would be (A) mansion, as mansions are large, luxurious houses that would likely have a large dining room with a fancy chandelier. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where do you keep musical instrument so it doesn't get scratched? Answer Choices: (A) bank (B) orchestra (C) case (D) music room (E) movie\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to keep safe - a musical instrument. Next, we need to think about what can cause damage to the instrument - scratches. Now, we need to think about where we can store the instrument to protect it from scratches. The best answer would be a case, as it is specifically designed to protect musical instruments from damage. So, the correct answer is (C) case. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Metal is taken from what which is pulled from the ground? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) instruments (C) ore (D) car (E) junkyard\nA: Let's think step by step. Metal is taken from what? It is taken from the ground. What is in the ground? Dirt, instruments, ore, cars, and junkyards are all found in the ground, but only one of these options is a source of metal. Do you know which one? It is ore. Ore is a type of rock that contains metal. So, the correct answer is (C) ore. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Metal is used to make what? Answer Choices: (A) junkyard (B) ore (C) instruments (D) metal fabrication shop (E) bowls\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that metal is a material. So, it cannot be used to make a place like a junkyard or a shop. Next, we know that metal is usually found in the form of ore, but it is not used to make ore. So, we can eliminate options A and B. Now, let's look at the remaining options. Metal can be used to make instruments, metal fabrication shops, and bowls. However, metal fabrication shops are places where metal is processed, not made. So, we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with options C and E. Metal can be used to make instruments like guitars, drums, and trumpets. It can also be used to make bowls, which are commonly used for eating or cooking. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) instruments and (E) bowls. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What would use a musical instrument? Answer Choices: (A) guitar (B) music room (C) orchestra (D) case (E) movie\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: How would you express information if you do not have a pen or pencil? Answer Choices: (A) may disagree (B) close mouth (C) write down (D) talk (E) eyes\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to do - express information. Then, we need to think about how we can do that without a pen or pencil. We could use our voice to talk and communicate the information. So, the correct answer is (D) talk. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? Answer Choices: (A) write sentences on paper (B) ink in (C) ink cartridges (D) caps (E) cling film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to prevent - the pen from drying out. Then, we need to think about what could cause the pen to dry out - exposure to air. Finally, we need to think about what could cover or seal the pen to prevent air from getting in - a cap or cling film. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) caps. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What part of plants is pretty? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) no neurons in (C) millions of cells (D) flowers on (E) roots\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a part of plants that is pretty. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they do not describe a pretty part of plants. Next, we know that plants are made up of millions of cells, so option (C) is not specific enough. This leaves us with option (D), which mentions flowers. Flowers are often considered the most visually appealing part of plants, so (D) is the correct answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? Answer Choices: (A) start fighting (B) play (C) lots of attention (D) petted (E) bone\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you have to approach the dog. Then, you have to reach out your hand. Next, you have to gently touch the dog's fur. Finally, you have to move your hand back and forth. Based on these steps, the correct answer is (D) petted. The answer is D.\n\nQ: How will you communicate if you are far away from who you want to communicate with? Answer Choices: (A) think (B) talk with people (C) talk to people (D) speak out (E) send email\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are far away from someone, you cannot physically talk to them or speak out to them. You can, however, talk with other people who are closer to the person you want to communicate with and ask them to pass on your message. Another option is to send an email, which is a form of electronic communication that can reach someone who is far away. So, the correct answer is (E) send email. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What would you do to a crime scene before asking a question? Answer Choices: (A) express information (B) touch everything (C) think (D) give clue (E) analyse\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we would need to secure the crime scene and make sure no evidence is disturbed. This means not touching anything and not giving any clues. Next, we would need to analyze the scene and gather information. Once we have a clear understanding of the scene, we can start asking questions to gather more information. So, the correct answer would be (E) analyze. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What could you use to get to some airplanes? Answer Choices: (A) taxi (B) carry people (C) car (D) stall (E) crash\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to get to the airport. A taxi or a car could both be used to get to the airport. Once we are at the airport, we need to get to the airplanes. A taxi or a car could also be used to get to the airplanes, but they may not be able to drive directly onto the runway. Instead, we could use a stall, which is a small structure or booth, to get onto the runway and access the airplanes. We definitely do not want to crash into the airplanes, as that would be dangerous and destructive. So, the best answer would be (A) taxi or (C) car. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What would you put coins into to make it work? Answer Choices: (A) stove (B) water fountain (C) desk (D) purse (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to make work. In this case, we are trying to make something that requires coins to work. So, we can eliminate options (A), (C), and (D) because they are not typically associated with coins. That leaves us with options (B) and (E). A water fountain is a common place to put coins in order to make it work, so (B) is the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: How would you express information if you do not have a pen or pencil? Answer Choices: (A) may disagree (B) close mouth (C) write down (D) talk (E) eyes\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: How can people fulfill their own calorie requirements? Answer Choices: (A) compete with each other (B) feed themselves (C) feel lonely (D) talk to each other (E) ask a doctor\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what calorie requirements are. Calorie requirements refer to the amount of energy (in the form of calories) that a person needs to consume in order to maintain their weight, support bodily functions, and engage in physical activity. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A) Competing with each other is not a healthy or sustainable way to fulfill calorie requirements. B) Feeding oneself is a necessary and practical way to fulfill calorie requirements. C) Feeling lonely does not have a direct impact on fulfilling calorie requirements. D) Talking to each other may not directly fulfill calorie requirements, but it can provide support and accountability in maintaining a healthy diet. E) Asking a doctor can provide personalized recommendations for fulfilling calorie requirements based on individual needs and health conditions. Therefore, the best answer is B) feed themselves. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where could a sloth live? Answer Choices: (A) tropical jungle (B) manual (C) work (D) transit (E) countryside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what a sloth is. A sloth is a type of animal, specifically a mammal. Sloths are known for being slow-moving and spending most of their time hanging upside down in trees. So, where would a sloth be able to do this? Definitely not in a manual, work, or transit setting. These are all human-made environments that would not be suitable for a sloth. The countryside could be a possibility, but it may not have the right type of trees for a sloth to live in. That leaves us with the tropical jungle. This is the best answer because it is a natural environment with tall trees that sloths can hang from and plenty of leaves for them to eat. So, the correct answer is (A) tropical jungle. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do you need energy to do in gym class? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) tacos (C) mass (D) play sports (E) wrestle\nA: Let's think step by step. What do you do in gym class? You play sports, right? So, what do you need energy for? You need energy to play sports. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) play sports. The answer is D.\n\nQ: How can people fulfill their own calorie requirements? Answer Choices: (A) compete with each other (B) feed themselves (C) feel lonely (D) talk to each other (E) ask a doctor\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what calorie requirements are. Calorie requirements refer to the amount of energy (in the form of calories) that a person needs to consume in order to maintain their weight, support bodily functions, and engage in physical activity. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A) Competing with each other is not a healthy or sustainable way to fulfill calorie requirements. B) Feeding oneself is a necessary and practical way to fulfill calorie requirements. C) Feeling lonely does not have a direct impact on fulfilling calorie requirements. D) Talking to each other may not directly fulfill calorie requirements, but it can provide support and accountability in maintaining a healthy diet. E) Asking a doctor can provide personalized recommendations for fulfilling calorie requirements based on individual needs and health conditions. Therefore, the best answer is B) feed themselves. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He has lactose intolerant, but was eating dinner made of cheese, what followed for him? Answer Choices: (A) digestive (B) feel better (C) sleepiness (D) indigestion (E) illness\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he ate dinner made of cheese. Then, he has lactose intolerance. What does this mean? It means that his body cannot digest lactose, which is a sugar found in dairy products like cheese. So, what will follow for him? He will most likely experience indigestion, which is discomfort or pain in the stomach caused by difficulty digesting food. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) indigestion. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where can you find a place to eat in an urban area close to local nightlife? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) downtown (C) mall (D) shopping center (E) own house\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find an urban area. An urban area is a city or town that is highly populated and has a lot of buildings and businesses. So, the answer cannot be (E) own house. Next, we need to find a place close to local nightlife. Local nightlife refers to the entertainment and social activities that take place in a specific area, usually at night. This means we need to find a place in the city that is close to where people go out at night. This eliminates (C) mall and (D) shopping center. Finally, we need to find a place to eat. While you can find places to eat in all of the options, the best answer would be (B) downtown. Downtown areas in cities often have a variety of restaurants and are close to local nightlife. So, the best answer is (B) downtown. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: I'm having some food at my party, what will I need to serve it? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) pan (C) bowl (D) kitchen (E) spoon\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need a place to prepare and cook the food, so you will need a kitchen. Next, you will need something to cook the food in, so you will need a pan. Once the food is cooked, you will need something to serve it in, so you will need a bowl. Finally, you will need utensils to eat the food with, so you will need spoons. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spoon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How can people fulfill their own calorie requirements? Answer Choices: (A) compete with each other (B) feed themselves (C) feel lonely (D) talk to each other (E) ask a doctor\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The flasks was used to distill elements, where was is being used? Answer Choices: (A) laboratory (B) chemistry lab (C) coat pocket (D) after hours speakeasy (E) bordello\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "1. Let's think step by step. First, we know that a flask is a type of container used to hold liquids. Next, we know that it is being used to distill elements. This means that it is being used in a scientific process. 2. A coat pocket, after hours speakeasy, and bordello are not appropriate places for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer is (A) laboratory or (B) chemistry lab. Both of these options indicate a controlled environment where scientific experiments are conducted. The answer is A or B.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The low trickle of water revealed a stone, where was the stone found? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) gallbladder (C) driveway (D) river bed (E) creek bed\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the low trickle of water revealed a stone. This means that the stone was hidden or covered by the water. Next, we know that the water was a low trickle, which means it was a small amount of water. This tells us that the stone was not in a large body of water, like an ocean or a river. Instead, it was likely in a smaller body of water, like a creek or a stream. Finally, we know that the stone was revealed, or uncovered, by the water. This means that the stone was likely at the bottom of the water, and the water had to move or flow in order to reveal it. Based on all of this information, the best answer is (E) creek bed. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Who do professors work with? Answer Choices: (A) methods of facts (B) teach courses (C) wear wrinkled tweed jackets (D) school students (E) state facts\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that professors are teachers. So, they must work with students. This eliminates options A, C, and E. Next, we know that professors teach courses. This eliminates option B. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) school students. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The smelly man was having a bath, but what is he pursuing? Answer Choices: (A) hydration (B) being clear (C) personal cleanliness (D) will drown (E) use of water\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is having a bath, which means he is using water. The question asks what he is pursuing, which means what is his goal or intention. So, what is the purpose of using water in this situation? It is most likely for personal cleanliness, as taking a bath is a common way to clean oneself. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) personal cleanliness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A statue that shoots liquid is called a what? Answer Choices: (A) water fountain (B) large city (C) museum (D) pool (E) central park\nA: Let's think step by step. A statue is a sculpture, so it is a work of art. It is not a city, a museum, or a park. It is not a pool, because a pool is a body of water, not a statue. The correct answer is (A) water fountain. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Metal is taken from what which is pulled from the ground? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) instruments (C) ore (D) car (E) junkyard\nA: Let's think step by step. Metal is taken from what? It is taken from the ground. What is in the ground? Dirt, instruments, ore, cars, and junkyards are all found in the ground, but only one of these options is a source of metal. Do you know which one? It is ore. Ore is a type of rock that contains metal. So, the correct answer is (C) ore. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures, what was he looking for? Answer Choices: (A) checkers (B) barrels (C) baking soda (D) buffalo (E) salt\nA: Let's think step by step. The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures. This means that the pioneer needed something to store items in. Now, let's look at the answer choices. Checkers, baking soda, and buffalo are all items that would not be used for storage. This leaves us with barrels and salt. Barrels are commonly used for storage, so this is the most likely answer. Salt can also be used for storage, but it is not typically referred to as a \"storage measure.\" Therefore, the correct answer is (B) barrels. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The flasks was used to distill elements, where was is being used? Answer Choices: (A) laboratory (B) chemistry lab (C) coat pocket (D) after hours speakeasy (E) bordello\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If a reception is held with hotel guests walking by, what is the likely venue? Answer Choices: (A) room service (B) church basement (C) lobby (D) large room (E) country club\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the reception is held with hotel guests walking by. This suggests that the venue is a public area within the hotel. This eliminates options (A) room service and (B) church basement. Next, we know that the venue must be large enough to accommodate hotel guests walking by, so it is likely a spacious area. This eliminates option (E) country club. This leaves us with options (C) lobby and (D) large room. A lobby is a public area in a hotel where guests can gather and wait, so it is the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) lobby. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is there a telephone book in almost every room? Answer Choices: (A) at hotel (B) house (C) library (D) bedsit (E) closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's think about where we usually find telephone books. Telephone books are usually found in places where people might need to make phone calls, such as hotels, houses, libraries, and bedsits. Next, let's think about which of these places might have a telephone book in almost every room. A hotel might have a telephone book in every room, but it's not guaranteed. A house might have a telephone book in every room, but it depends on the owner. A library might have a telephone book in every room, but it's not very common. A bedsit is a small apartment, so it's unlikely to have a telephone book in every room. Therefore, the most likely answer is (A) at a hotel. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Flowers make a good center focal point, just one of many arrangements that look good on a what? Answer Choices: (A) market (B) table (C) countryside (D) anthology (E) vase\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that flowers make a good center focal point. This means that flowers are good for being the main focus of something. Next, we know that this is just one of many arrangements. This means that there are many different ways to arrange flowers. Finally, we know that this arrangement looks good on something. So, what is that something? It must be something that can hold flowers and make them look good. The only answer choice that fits this description is (B) table. A table can hold flowers and make them look good as a center focal point. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) table. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What will a person going for a jog likely be wearing? Answer Choices: (A) grope (B) acknowledgment (C) comfortable clothes (D) ipod (E) passionate kisses\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a person is going for a jog. This means they will be doing some physical activity, so they will likely want to wear comfortable clothes. This eliminates options A, B, and E. Next, we can assume that they may want to listen to music while they jog, so they may have an iPod with them. This leaves us with option D. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) iPod. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you're going to a party in a new town what are you hoping to make? Answer Choices: (A) getting drunk (B) making new friends (C) new contacts (D) doing drugs (E) set home\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you're going to a party in a new town. What is the main purpose of going to a party? Usually, it's to have fun and socialize. So, let's eliminate options A and D, as they involve potentially harmful or illegal activities. Option E doesn't make sense in this context, as you're already at the party. That leaves us with options B and C. Both involve making connections with people, but option B specifically mentions making friends, which is a positive and common goal when attending a party. Therefore, the best answer is (B) making new friends. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the what? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) hostel (C) building (D) lobby (E) office park\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A reception desk is a type of desk that is typically located at the front entrance of a building or establishment. 2. The front entrance is the main entrance or the entrance that faces the street or parking lot. 3. So, if somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the building. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) building. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Joe is a  squirrel, which is an animal. He probably lives in what sort of place. Answer Choices: (A) pet store (B) outside (C) woodland (D) ocean (E) cafe\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joe is a squirrel, which is an animal. So, we can eliminate options (A) pet store and (E) cafe, as these are not natural habitats for animals. Next, we know that squirrels are typically found in trees and are known for gathering and storing nuts. This leads us to the most likely answer, (C) woodland, as this is a type of forest or wooded area where trees and nuts can be found. Option (B) outside is a bit too general and could refer to any outdoor location, so it is not as specific as (C) woodland. Option (D) ocean is also not a suitable answer, as squirrels are land animals and do not live in water. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) woodland. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you keep an ottoman near your front door? Answer Choices: (A) living room (B) parlor (C) furniture store (D) basement (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an ottoman? An ottoman is a piece of furniture that is typically used as a footstool or for extra seating. It is usually placed in a living room or family room. So, the answer would be (A) living room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If a reception is held with hotel guests walking by, what is the likely venue? Answer Choices: (A) room service (B) church basement (C) lobby (D) large room (E) country club\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What happens someone who is bad play poker? Answer Choices: (A) think (B) ante up (C) drink (D) win money (E) losing money\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, the person would need to ante up, or put their initial bet into the pot. Then, they would play the game, making decisions and trying to win money. However, if they are not skilled at poker, they may end up losing money instead of winning. So, the answer is (E) losing money. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: what do you fill with ink to write? Answer Choices: (A) squid (B) fountain pen (C) pencil case (D) newspaper (E) printer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to write something. What do we use to write? We use a writing tool, such as a pen or pencil. So, we can eliminate options (A), (D), and (E) because they are not writing tools. Next, we need to fill something with ink. What do we fill with ink? We fill a pen with ink. So, the correct answer is (B) fountain pen. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What happens someone who is bad play poker? Answer Choices: (A) think (B) ante up (C) drink (D) win money (E) losing money\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person would need to ante up, or put their initial bet into the pot. Then, they would play the game, making decisions and trying to win money. However, if they are not skilled at poker, they may end up losing money instead of winning. So, the answer is (E) losing money. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How does someone go about buying beer? Answer Choices: (A) have no money (B) pants (C) relaxation (D) lose money (E) spend money\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to have money to buy beer. So, option (A) and (D) are not correct. Next, you need to have clothes on, specifically pants, to go out and buy beer. So, option (B) is not correct. Option (C) is not directly related to buying beer, so it is not the best answer. That leaves us with option (E) - spend money. This is the correct answer because you need to exchange money for the beer in order to buy it. The answer is E.\n\nQ: James knew that he shouldn't have been buying beer for minors.  He didn't even get paid for it.  Why was this bad? Answer Choices: (A) lose money (B) fun (C) have no money (D) broken law (E) relaxation\nA: Let's think step by step. James knew that he shouldn't have been buying beer for minors. Why? Because it is illegal. So, the answer is (D) broken law. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where do people get beer after a bit of gambling? Answer Choices: (A) bottle (B) grocery store (C) casino (D) spaceship (E) hockey game\nA: Let's think step by step. First, people are gambling. Where do people usually gamble? The most common answer would be a casino. So, the answer would be (C) casino. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) cookie (C) stock market (D) real estate (E) treasure chest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man came from old money and had a fortune. This means that he was already wealthy. Next, we know that he made new money. This means that he increased his wealth. How did he do this? By making shrewd trades. This means that he was smart and strategic in his business dealings. Now, we need to figure out where he made these trades. The answer choices are: (A) eat cake, (B) cookie, (C) stock market, (D) real estate, and (E) treasure chest. We can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not logical places to make trades. Option (E) is also unlikely because a treasure chest is not a common place for business transactions. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). The stock market is a common place for people to make trades and increase their wealth, so this is the most likely answer. Real estate is also a possibility, but it is less likely because it is not explicitly mentioned in the sentence. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stock market. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where is one likely to find poker chips? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) pantry (C) motherboard (D) bar (E) bar\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because poker chips are not typically sold in supermarkets or kept in pantries. Next, we can eliminate option (C) because a motherboard is a computer component and would not be a place to find poker chips. This leaves us with options (D) and (E). Both a bar and a casino are common places to find poker chips, so either option could be correct. However, since option (E) is a repeat of option (D), we can eliminate it as well. Therefore, the most likely answer is (D) bar. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What happens someone who is bad play poker? Answer Choices: (A) think (B) ante up (C) drink (D) win money (E) losing money\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The man got a pail to catch the draining motor oil, where was he likely doing this at home? Answer Choices: (A) garage (B) hardware store (C) utility room (D) wishing well (E) laundry\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, the man got a pail to catch the draining motor oil. This suggests that he is doing some sort of maintenance or repair work. Next, the oil is draining, which means it is coming out of something. This suggests that the man is working on a machine or vehicle that uses motor oil. Finally, the man is catching the oil in a pail, which is a container used for collecting liquids. Putting all of this together, it is most likely that the man is doing this in a garage, where he would have the necessary tools and space to work on a vehicle or machine. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) garage. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where are you likely to set papers while working on them? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) meeting (C) drawer (D) toilet (E) garage\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you are working on papers. Where would you typically work on papers? The most likely answer is a table, so (A) table is the correct answer. (B) meeting is not a place where you would typically work on papers. (C) drawer is a place where you might store papers, but not work on them. (D) toilet and (E) garage are also not places where you would typically work on papers. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The low trickle of water revealed a stone, where was the stone found? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) gallbladder (C) driveway (D) river bed (E) creek bed\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the low trickle of water revealed a stone. This means that the stone was hidden or covered by the water. Next, we know that the water was a low trickle, which means it was a small amount of water. This tells us that the stone was not in a large body of water, like an ocean or a river. Instead, it was likely in a smaller body of water, like a creek or a stream. Finally, we know that the stone was revealed, or uncovered, by the water. This means that the stone was likely at the bottom of the water, and the water had to move or flow in order to reveal it. Based on all of this information, the best answer is (E) creek bed. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Jim decided to lose weight.  He thought that exercise is the best way to lose weight because you can't get rid of what? Answer Choices: (A) need for food (B) fitness (C) sweating (D) fastfood (E) thirst\nA: Let's think step by step. Jim decided to lose weight. What is the best way to lose weight? Exercise. Why? Because you can't get rid of what? The need for food. So the correct answer is (A) need for food. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person do when they feel dirty? Answer Choices: (A) feel lucky (B) cross street (C) wash themselves (D) eat (E) wonder what happened\nA: Let's think step by step. When a person feels dirty, they may first (E) wonder what happened. Then, they may (B) cross the street to avoid getting any dirtier. Next, they may (D) eat something to distract themselves from the feeling. However, the most logical and common response would be to (C) wash themselves to get rid of the dirt. So, the correct answer is (C) wash themselves. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He looked at the field of pumps, all slowing churning oil out of the what? Answer Choices: (A) manual (B) street (C) restaurant (D) ground (E) service station\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the field of pumps is churning oil out of something. This means that the pumps are extracting oil from something. So, the answer must be something that can contain oil. Let's look at the answer choices. (A) manual doesn't make sense because it is not a physical object that can contain oil. (B) street also doesn't make sense because streets are not known for containing oil. (C) restaurant is also not a good answer because restaurants are not typically associated with oil. (E) service station is a possibility because it is a place where oil is commonly found. However, the most logical answer is (D) ground because oil is typically extracted from the ground. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) ground. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work, but once he got to his destination he balled it up and put it somewhere. Where did it put it? Answer Choices: (A) trash (B) floor (C) subway (D) ground (E) lawn\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work. This means that he was holding the newspaper in his hands while he was on his way to work. 2. Once he got to his destination, he balled it up. This means that he crumpled the newspaper into a ball. 3. Finally, he put it somewhere. This means that he placed the balled up newspaper in a specific location. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A loud machine is irritating, but many are expected where? Answer Choices: (A) museum (B) house (C) laboratory (D) library (E) industrial area\nA: Let's think step by step. A loud machine is irritating. So, we can eliminate (A) museum, (B) house, (D) library. Because these places are not expected to have loud machines. Now, we are left with (C) laboratory and (E) industrial area. A laboratory is a place where experiments are conducted, so it is not expected to have loud machines. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) industrial area. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) cookie (C) stock market (D) real estate (E) treasure chest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man came from old money and had a fortune. This means that he was already wealthy. Next, we know that he made new money. This means that he increased his wealth. How did he do this? By making shrewd trades. This means that he was smart and strategic in his business dealings. Now, we need to figure out where he made these trades. The answer choices are: (A) eat cake, (B) cookie, (C) stock market, (D) real estate, and (E) treasure chest. We can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not logical places to make trades. Option (E) is also unlikely because a treasure chest is not a common place for business transactions. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). The stock market is a common place for people to make trades and increase their wealth, so this is the most likely answer. Real estate is also a possibility, but it is less likely because it is not explicitly mentioned in the sentence. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stock market. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The man got a pail to catch the draining motor oil, where was he likely doing this at home? Answer Choices: (A) garage (B) hardware store (C) utility room (D) wishing well (E) laundry\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man got a pail to catch the draining motor oil. This suggests that he is doing some sort of maintenance or repair work. Next, the oil is draining, which means it is coming out of something. This suggests that the man is working on a machine or vehicle that uses motor oil. Finally, the man is catching the oil in a pail, which is a container used for collecting liquids. Putting all of this together, it is most likely that the man is doing this in a garage, where he would have the necessary tools and space to work on a vehicle or machine. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) garage. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The man got a pail to catch the draining motor oil, where was he likely doing this at home? Answer Choices: (A) garage (B) hardware store (C) utility room (D) wishing well (E) laundry\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What happens when you go somewhere and forget something at home? Answer Choices: (A) arriving (B) arrive there (C) turn around (D) go back (E) fart\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, you are going somewhere. Then, you realize that you forgot something at home. What do you do next? You have to go back home to get the item you forgot. So, the correct answer is (D) go back. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: From where do aliens arrive? Answer Choices: (A) outer space (B) weekly world news (C) roswell (D) universe (E) mars\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that aliens are beings from other planets. This means that they do not come from Earth. So, we can eliminate options B and C, as they are related to Earth. Next, we know that outer space is a vast expanse that includes all of the planets, stars, and galaxies. So, it is possible that aliens could come from outer space. However, the universe is even larger than outer space, as it includes everything in existence. So, it is also possible that aliens could come from the universe. Lastly, Mars is a planet in our solar system, so it is a part of outer space. Therefore, the most accurate answer would be A) outer space or D) universe. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When you need to rest it's often because you have been doing what? Answer Choices: (A) action (B) sleep (C) sleeping (D) in motion (E) using energy\nA: Let's think step by step. When you need to rest, it's often because you feel tired or exhausted. Why do you feel tired or exhausted? It's because you have been using energy. So, the correct answer is (E) using energy. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What happens when you go somewhere and forget something at home? Answer Choices: (A) arriving (B) arrive there (C) turn around (D) go back (E) fart\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you are going somewhere. Then, you realize that you forgot something at home. What do you do next? You have to go back home to get the item you forgot. So, the correct answer is (D) go back. The answer is D.\n\nQ: John went to a party that lasted all night.  Because of this, he didn't have time for what? Answer Choices: (A) meeting (B) blowing off steam (C) stay home (D) partying hard (E) studying\nA: Let's think step by step. John went to a party that lasted all night. This means that he spent the entire night at the party. Because of this, he didn't have time for something else. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) meeting - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't have time for another meeting. (B) blowing off steam - This could make sense because John was at a party, which is a way to relax and have fun. But, we need to keep looking at the other choices to make sure. (C) stay home - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be staying home. (D) partying hard - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be partying hard somewhere else. (E) studying - This could make sense because John was at a party all night, so he wouldn't have time to study. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) studying. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John is sitting in a toilet stall in a bathroom, outside he can hear cars going around in circles.  What is the function of the place he is most likely at? Answer Choices: (A) eating food (B) public place (C) race track (D) at hotel (E) public building\nA: Let's think step by step. John is sitting in a toilet stall in a bathroom. This means he is in a bathroom. Outside, he can hear cars going around in circles. This suggests that he is in a place where cars are driving in circles. This is most likely a race track. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) race track. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What happens to a dog before someone puts up posters of them? Answer Choices: (A) get lost (B) require water (C) trained (D) bark (E) roll over\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the dog would have to get lost in order for someone to put up posters of them. So the correct answer is (A) get lost. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If I put in my key and open a hinged door, where am I likely entering? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) safe (C) own house (D) building (E) pantry\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you put in your key, which means you are likely at a locked door. Then, you open the door, which means you are entering through the door. Based on the answer choices, the most likely answer is (C) own house, as you are using a key to enter your own home. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What happens when you go somewhere and forget something at home? Answer Choices: (A) arriving (B) arrive there (C) turn around (D) go back (E) fart\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? Answer Choices: (A) start fighting (B) play (C) lots of attention (D) petted (E) bone\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, you have to approach the dog. Then, you have to reach out your hand. Next, you have to gently touch the dog's fur. Finally, you have to move your hand back and forth. Based on these steps, the correct answer is (D) petted. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? Answer Choices: (A) write sentences on paper (B) ink in (C) ink cartridges (D) caps (E) cling film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to prevent - the pen from drying out. Then, we need to think about what could cause the pen to dry out - exposure to air. Finally, we need to think about what could cover or seal the pen to prevent air from getting in - a cap or cling film. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) caps. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? Answer Choices: (A) start fighting (B) play (C) lots of attention (D) petted (E) bone\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you have to approach the dog. Then, you have to reach out your hand. Next, you have to gently touch the dog's fur. Finally, you have to move your hand back and forth. Based on these steps, the correct answer is (D) petted. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does a successful dog grooming session likely to make a owner feel? Answer Choices: (A) cleanliness (B) mistakes (C) growth (D) satisfaction (E) late\nA: Let's think step by step. A successful dog grooming session is likely to make an owner feel satisfied. Why? Because the dog is clean and well-groomed, which brings a sense of cleanliness and satisfaction to the owner. The owner may also feel a sense of growth, as they have successfully completed a task and improved their grooming skills. They are unlikely to feel mistakes, unless something went wrong during the session. They may also feel a sense of being late if they were running behind schedule, but this is not a likely feeling associated with a successful grooming session. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) satisfaction. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The wood was still rough to the touch, what did the woodworker have to do? Answer Choices: (A) petrify (B) sanded (C) warp (D) composted (E) clean\nA: Let's think step by step. The woodworker wants to make the wood smooth to the touch. The wood is still rough. What can the woodworker do to make it smooth? The answer is (B) sanded. The woodworker can use sandpaper to rub the wood and make it smooth. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What area does a police officer patrol? Answer Choices: (A) direct traffic (B) city (C) beat (D) street (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a police officer's job? A police officer's job is to enforce laws and maintain public order. Next, what does it mean to patrol? To patrol means to regularly walk or drive around an area to make sure everything is safe and in order. So, what area does a police officer patrol? A police officer patrols a specific area, called a beat, within a city. This could include streets, parks, and other public areas. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) beat. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is a treat that you dog will enjoy? Answer Choices: (A) salad (B) petted (C) affection (D) bone (E) lots of attention\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking for a treat that a dog will enjoy. So, we can eliminate options (A) salad and (B) petted because they are not typically considered treats for dogs. Next, we can eliminate option (C) affection because while dogs do enjoy affection, it is not typically considered a treat. This leaves us with options (D) bone and (E) lots of attention. Both of these options could be considered treats for dogs, but option (D) bone is a more specific and common treat for dogs. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) bone. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What might I place under the furniture? Answer Choices: (A) rug (B) room (C) toy (D) friend's house (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is the furniture? It could be a couch, a table, a chair, etc. Next, what could you place under the furniture? A rug could go under a couch or table. A toy could also go under a couch or table. A friend's house or building would not typically go under furniture. So, the best answer would be either (A) rug or (C) toy. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? Answer Choices: (A) start fighting (B) play (C) lots of attention (D) petted (E) bone\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?. Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) soccer game (C) keg (D) can (E) refrigerator\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Batman bought beer. So, he went to a store or a bar to buy beer. Then, we are told that there were no bottles available. This means that the store or bar did not have any bottles of beer for Batman to buy. So, he had to settle for something else. Out of the answer choices, the only one that makes sense is (D) can. This is because a can is another type of container for beer, similar to a bottle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. (A) shelf is a place where items are stored, not a type of container for beer. (B) soccer game is an event, not a type of container for beer. (C) keg is a large barrel used to store and dispense beer, not a type of container for beer. (E) refrigerator is a household appliance used to keep food and drinks cold, not a type of container for beer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) can. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How does someone go about buying beer? Answer Choices: (A) have no money (B) pants (C) relaxation (D) lose money (E) spend money\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to have money to buy beer. So, option (A) and (D) are not correct. Next, you need to have clothes on, specifically pants, to go out and buy beer. So, option (B) is not correct. Option (C) is not directly related to buying beer, so it is not the best answer. That leaves us with option (E) - spend money. This is the correct answer because you need to exchange money for the beer in order to buy it. The answer is E.\n\nQ: James knew that he shouldn't have been buying beer for minors.  He didn't even get paid for it.  Why was this bad? Answer Choices: (A) lose money (B) fun (C) have no money (D) broken law (E) relaxation\nA: Let's think step by step. James knew that he shouldn't have been buying beer for minors. Why? Because it is illegal. So, the answer is (D) broken law. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where do people get beer after a bit of gambling? Answer Choices: (A) bottle (B) grocery store (C) casino (D) spaceship (E) hockey game\nA: Let's think step by step. First, people are gambling. Where do people usually gamble? The most common answer would be a casino. So, the answer would be (C) casino. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where are  you likely to find a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) fast food restaurant (B) pizza (C) ground up dead cows (D) mouth (E) cow carcus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a hamburger is a type of food. So, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not related to food. Next, we know that a hamburger is a popular food item that is often served in restaurants. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is not a location. This leaves us with options (A) and (B). However, pizza is not typically associated with hamburgers, so the correct answer is (A) fast food restaurant. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?. Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) soccer game (C) keg (D) can (E) refrigerator\nA: Let's think step by step. Batman bought beer. So, he went to a store or a bar to buy beer. Then, we are told that there were no bottles available. This means that the store or bar did not have any bottles of beer for Batman to buy. So, he had to settle for something else. Out of the answer choices, the only one that makes sense is (D) can. This is because a can is another type of container for beer, similar to a bottle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. (A) shelf is a place where items are stored, not a type of container for beer. (B) soccer game is an event, not a type of container for beer. (C) keg is a large barrel used to store and dispense beer, not a type of container for beer. (E) refrigerator is a household appliance used to keep food and drinks cold, not a type of container for beer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) can. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?. Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) soccer game (C) keg (D) can (E) refrigerator\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What could go on top of wood? Answer Choices: (A) lumberyard (B) synagogue (C) floor (D) carpet (E) hardware store\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what wood is. Wood is a natural material that comes from trees. Next, we need to think about what can go on top of wood. Some options could be (C) floor, (D) carpet, or (E) hardware store. However, a hardware store is not something that can physically go on top of wood. A synagogue is a place of worship and does not relate to wood. A lumberyard is a place where wood is sold and stored, so it is not something that can go on top of wood. Therefore, the best answer is (C) floor, as it is a surface that can be placed on top of wood. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: What furniture will you normally find near a side chair? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) table (C) wheel barrow (D) building (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. A side chair is typically used for sitting, so it would make sense to have a table nearby for placing items or eating. A bedroom or office may also have a side chair for sitting at a desk or vanity. A wheelbarrow and building are not typically associated with side chairs. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) table. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you have a home with a courtyard, what's one thing you probably don't have to care for any longer? Answer Choices: (A) lawn (B) kids (C) asshole (D) spain (E) office complex\nA: Let's think step by step. A courtyard is an outdoor space that is surrounded by walls or buildings. So, if you have a courtyard, you probably don't have to care for a lawn any longer because the walls or buildings would cover the ground and prevent grass from growing. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) lawn. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: When you slip from a ladder propped on anything what will you do? Answer Choices: (A) obesity (B) fall down (C) matter to (D) whatever (E) surprise\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you are on a ladder. Then, you slip. What happens next? You will most likely fall down. So, the correct answer is (B) fall down. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The wood was still rough to the touch, what did the woodworker have to do? Answer Choices: (A) petrify (B) sanded (C) warp (D) composted (E) clean\nA: Let's think step by step. The woodworker wants to make the wood smooth to the touch. The wood is still rough. What can the woodworker do to make it smooth? The answer is (B) sanded. The woodworker can use sandpaper to rub the wood and make it smooth. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you find a basement that can be accessed with an elevator? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) closet (C) church (D) office building (E) own house\nA: Let's think step by step. A basement is typically found in a building, not in a closet or a church. It is possible to have a basement in a house, but the question specifies that it can be accessed with an elevator. This means that the basement is likely located in a larger building, such as an office building. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) office building. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where might a mouse be found to make it country? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) cook (C) computer lab (D) old barn (E) research laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that is in the country. The options that could be in the country are (D) old barn and (E) research laboratory. Next, we need to find a place where a mouse might be found. Mice are often found in places where they can find food, so (A) kitchen and (B) cook are not likely options. Mice are also not commonly found in computer labs, so (C) computer lab is also not a likely option. Therefore, the best answer would be (D) old barn, as mice are often found in barns where they can find food and shelter. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you get some wood if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) carpet (B) boat (C) river (D) lumberyard (E) synagogue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what wood is. Wood is a natural material that comes from trees. So, we need to find a place where there are trees. Let's look at the answer choices. A) Carpet - This is not a place where we can find trees or wood. B) Boat - This is also not a place where we can find trees or wood. C) River - While there may be trees near a river, it is not a reliable source for getting wood. D) Lumberyard - This is the best answer choice because a lumberyard is a place where wood is sold and stored. E) Synagogue - This is a place of worship and does not have anything to do with finding wood. So, the correct answer is (D) lumberyard. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What could go on top of wood? Answer Choices: (A) lumberyard (B) synagogue (C) floor (D) carpet (E) hardware store\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: In what kind of environment does an anemone live? Answer Choices: (A) nursery (B) south pacific (C) desert (D) sea water (E) atlantic ocean\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that an anemone is a type of flower. Next, we know that flowers typically grow in specific environments. For example, a cactus grows in a desert environment. So, what type of environment does an anemone live in? The options are: (A) nursery (B) south pacific (C) desert (D) sea water (E) atlantic ocean. Out of these options, the most logical answer would be (D) sea water. Anemones are aquatic creatures that live in the ocean, so they require a sea water environment to survive. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: John farms anemone in what type of facility? Answer Choices: (A) michigan (B) swimming pool (C) atlantic ocean (D) nursery (E) gulf of mexico\nA: Let's think step by step. John farms anemone. Anemone is a type of flower. So, John farms flowers. Now, in what type of facility does he farm these flowers? The options are: (A) michigan (B) swimming pool (C) atlantic ocean (D) nursery (E) gulf of mexico. Out of these options, the most logical answer would be (D) nursery. A nursery is a place where plants are grown and sold, so it would make sense for John to farm anemone in a nursery. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous and can lead to serious head and what? Answer Choices: (A) going somewhere (B) splats (C) cancer (D) getting wet (E) spinal injuries\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous. This means that there is a risk of harm or injury involved. Next, we know that this can lead to serious head and what? The word \"and\" suggests that the second thing is related to the first thing. So, we can infer that the second thing is also a type of harm or injury that can result from diving into backyard pools. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) going somewhere does not make sense in this context. (B) splats is not a type of harm or injury. (C) cancer is a serious health condition, but it is not directly related to diving into backyard pools. (D) getting wet is not a type of harm or injury. (E) spinal injuries, on the other hand, are a type of harm or injury that can result from diving into backyard pools. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spinal injuries. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the sun ultimately responsible for? Answer Choices: (A) earth warming (B) sun tan (C) light (D) life on earth (E) heat\nA: Let's think step by step. The sun is a star that is located at the center of our solar system. It is a massive, glowing sphere of hot gas that provides light and heat to the planets in our solar system. So, the sun is responsible for providing light and heat to the Earth. This light and heat are essential for the survival of life on Earth. Therefore, the sun is ultimately responsible for life on Earth. So, the correct answer is (D) life on earth. The answer is D.\n\nQ: He was afraid he would die from his cold, so he wisely decided to what? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) write will (C) never want (D) were shot (E) seek help\nA: Let's think step by step. He was afraid he would die from his cold. So, what should he do? He wisely decided to seek help. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What western state has thousands of miles of shore? Answer Choices: (A) picture of sea side (B) seaside town (C) beach (D) california (E) see side picture\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking for a western state. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A), (B), and (C) because they are not states. Next, we know that the state has thousands of miles of shore. This means that it must be a state that borders an ocean or a large body of water. This leaves us with answer choices (D) and (E). Finally, we know that the state must be in the western part of the United States. So, the correct answer is (D) California. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you hear a violin along side many string and wind instruments? Answer Choices: (A) school (B) string quartet (C) orchestra (D) kitchen (E) music room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a violin is a string instrument. So, we can eliminate options (A), (D), and (E) because they do not mention any string instruments. Next, we know that a string quartet is a small group of four string instruments, so it is unlikely that there would be \"many\" string and wind instruments in a string quartet. This leaves us with options (C) and (B). However, a string quartet typically only has four instruments, while an orchestra can have many more. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) orchestra. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Colorful anemone look somewhat like what object you find on window sills? Answer Choices: (A) intertidal zone (B) coral sea (C) under water (D) flower bed (E) florida keys\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that colorful anemones are being compared to an object found on window sills. This means that the object must have some similarities to colorful anemones. Next, we can eliminate answer choices that do not fit this description. The intertidal zone, coral sea, and under water are all locations, not objects found on window sills. The Florida Keys is a location as well, and while it may have colorful anemones, it is not an object found on window sills. This leaves us with the answer choice of (D) flower bed. Flower beds often have colorful flowers, just like anemones, and they can be found on window sills. Therefore, (D) flower bed is the correct answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: In what kind of environment does an anemone live? Answer Choices: (A) nursery (B) south pacific (C) desert (D) sea water (E) atlantic ocean\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Dan was ditting quietly on the couch with a book in his hand.  Laurie thought that he was just focused on what he was doing, but he actually did what? Answer Choices: (A) eat (B) think (C) reading (D) meditate (E) fall asleep\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Dan was sitting quietly on the couch with a book in his hand. Laurie thought that he was just focused on what he was doing. So, what was he doing? He was reading. But, the question asks what he actually did, which means that he did something different than what Laurie thought. So, what did he actually do? He actually fell asleep. This is a common occurrence for people who are reading and sitting quietly. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) fall asleep. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John felt a snake slither over him as he rested.  He was afraid to raise his covers for fear of startling it.  Where might he be? Answer Choices: (A) pet shops (B) oklahoma (C) basement (D) bedroom (E) dreams\nA: Let's think step by step. First, John felt a snake slither over him as he rested. This suggests that he is in a place where snakes can be found. Next, he was afraid to raise his covers for fear of startling it. This suggests that he is in a place where he is able to cover himself with something, like a blanket or sheet. Lastly, the question asks where he might be, so we need to think of a place that fits both of these clues. The best answer would be (D) bedroom, as this is a place where snakes can sometimes be found (if someone has a pet snake) and where someone would have covers to hide under. The other answer choices do not fit both clues. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The lady would eat and eat, and because of mental issues would then make herself what? Answer Choices: (A) wash dishes (B) throwing up (C) drinking (D) throw up (E) turn inside out\nA: Let's think step by step. The lady would eat and eat, and because of mental issues would then make herself... what? The lady would eat and eat, so she would be full. But because of her mental issues, she would then make herself... what? She would make herself do something that would help her feel better. So, what could she do to feel better after eating too much? She could make herself throw up. This is a common behavior in people with eating disorders. So, the correct answer is (D) throw up. The answer is D.\n\nQ: James found the sound relaxing.   It was so relaxing he almost did what despite his efforts? Answer Choices: (A) deep breathing (B) worried (C) fall asleep (D) invigorating (E) feeling good\nA: Let's think step by step. James found the sound relaxing. So, he felt good. It was so relaxing he almost did what? Despite his efforts. This means that he was trying not to do it, but the sound was so relaxing that he almost did it anyway. So, what did he almost do? He almost fell asleep. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) fall asleep. The answer is C.\n\nQ: As he looked out the window, he knew the landing was happening soon, and it made him nervous, but where would he be soon? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) disembark (C) stairwell (D) deplane (E) airport\nA: Let's think step by step. The person is on a plane, and they are looking out the window. They know that the landing is happening soon, which means that the plane is going to touch down on the ground. So, where would the person be soon? They would be on the ground, at the airport. The correct answer is (E) airport. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Dan was ditting quietly on the couch with a book in his hand.  Laurie thought that he was just focused on what he was doing, but he actually did what? Answer Choices: (A) eat (B) think (C) reading (D) meditate (E) fall asleep\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: People do many things to alleviate boredom.  If you can't get out of the house you might decide to do what? Answer Choices: (A) play cards (B) skateboard (C) meet interesting people (D) listen to music (E) go to a concert\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. If you can't get out of the house, that means you are stuck inside. So, you can't go to a concert or meet interesting people because those activities require you to leave the house. Skateboarding also requires you to leave the house, so that's not the answer either. Playing cards and listening to music are both activities that can be done inside the house, so those are possible answers. However, playing cards might require more than one person, so if you are alone, listening to music might be the better option. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to music. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you have a home with a courtyard, what's one thing you probably don't have to care for any longer? Answer Choices: (A) lawn (B) kids (C) asshole (D) spain (E) office complex\nA: Let's think step by step. A courtyard is an outdoor space that is surrounded by walls or buildings. So, if you have a courtyard, you probably don't have to care for a lawn any longer because the walls or buildings would cover the ground and prevent grass from growing. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) lawn. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: People do many things to alleviate boredom.  If you can't get out of the house you might decide to do what? Answer Choices: (A) play cards (B) skateboard (C) meet interesting people (D) listen to music (E) go to a concert\nA: Let's think step by step. If you can't get out of the house, that means you are stuck inside. So, you can't go to a concert or meet interesting people because those activities require you to leave the house. Skateboarding also requires you to leave the house, so that's not the answer either. Playing cards and listening to music are both activities that can be done inside the house, so those are possible answers. However, playing cards might require more than one person, so if you are alone, listening to music might be the better option. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to music. The answer is D.\n\nQ: His parents thought he was suffering from boredom, but the teen loved to lay in bed and just do what? Answer Choices: (A) meet interesting people (B) lift weights (C) listen to music (D) play chess (E) entertain\nA: Let's think step by step. The teen loves to lay in bed and do something. What are some things that you can do while laying in bed? You can meet interesting people, lift weights, listen to music, play chess, or entertain. Out of these options, which one do you think is the most likely for a teen to do while laying in bed? It's probably not lifting weights or meeting interesting people, as those activities require more physical movement. It's also unlikely that the teen is entertaining others while laying in bed. That leaves us with listening to music or playing chess. While both are possible, listening to music seems like a more common and relaxing activity for a teen to do while laying in bed. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) listen to music. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When a human is earning money, where are they often found? Answer Choices: (A) deep thought (B) park (C) friend's house (D) place of work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. When a human is earning money, it means they are working. So, where do people usually work? The answer is (D) place of work. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If I was watching TV on the couch and the air was stuffy, I might turn the fan on to make the what more comfortable? Answer Choices: (A) hockey game (B) living room (C) bathroom (D) football stadium (E) hot room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the air is stuffy. This means that it is warm and stagnant, making it uncomfortable. Next, we know that I am watching TV on the couch. This means that I am most likely in a living room or a similar space. Finally, we know that I might turn the fan on to make the space more comfortable. Putting all of this together, the most logical answer is (B) living room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: People do many things to alleviate boredom.  If you can't get out of the house you might decide to do what? Answer Choices: (A) play cards (B) skateboard (C) meet interesting people (D) listen to music (E) go to a concert\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: As a result of dying, what happens to organic material? Answer Choices: (A) change of color (B) stop breathing (C) wake up (D) death and decay (E) getting cold\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. When a living organism dies, it stops breathing and its body temperature begins to drop, eventually reaching the temperature of its surroundings. This is why we often say that a dead body feels \"cold.\" As the body's cells stop receiving oxygen and nutrients, they begin to die and break down. This process is known as decomposition or decay. As a result, the organic material of the body, such as tissues, organs, and bones, begins to break down and decompose. This can cause a change in color, as the body's pigments break down and change. However, the most significant result of dying is death and decay. So, the correct answer is (D) death and decay. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? Answer Choices: (A) write sentences on paper (B) ink in (C) ink cartridges (D) caps (E) cling film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to prevent - the pen from drying out. Then, we need to think about what could cause the pen to dry out - exposure to air. Finally, we need to think about what could cover or seal the pen to prevent air from getting in - a cap or cling film. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) caps. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What part of plants is pretty? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) no neurons in (C) millions of cells (D) flowers on (E) roots\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a part of plants that is pretty. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they do not describe a pretty part of plants. Next, we know that plants are made up of millions of cells, so option (C) is not specific enough. This leaves us with option (D), which mentions flowers. Flowers are often considered the most visually appealing part of plants, so (D) is the correct answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Riding a bike for a long time can cause what? Answer Choices: (A) enjoyment (B) fatigue (C) falling down (D) getting lost (E) thirst\nA: Let's think step by step. Riding a bike for a long time can cause fatigue. This is because the physical activity of pedaling and balancing on a bike can be tiring for the body. However, it can also cause enjoyment, as many people find biking to be a fun and enjoyable form of exercise. It is unlikely to cause falling down, unless the rider loses control or encounters an obstacle. It is also unlikely to cause getting lost, unless the rider is exploring unfamiliar areas. Lastly, it can cause thirst, as physical activity can lead to dehydration. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) fatigue. The answer is B.\n\nQ: As a result of dying, what happens to organic material? Answer Choices: (A) change of color (B) stop breathing (C) wake up (D) death and decay (E) getting cold\nA: Let's think step by step. When a living organism dies, it stops breathing and its body temperature begins to drop, eventually reaching the temperature of its surroundings. This is why we often say that a dead body feels \"cold.\" As the body's cells stop receiving oxygen and nutrients, they begin to die and break down. This process is known as decomposition or decay. As a result, the organic material of the body, such as tissues, organs, and bones, begins to break down and decompose. This can cause a change in color, as the body's pigments break down and change. However, the most significant result of dying is death and decay. So, the correct answer is (D) death and decay. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What might result in an unsuccessful suicide attempt? Answer Choices: (A) die (B) interruption (C) bleed (D) hatred (E) dying\nA: Let's think step by step. The question is asking for something that might result in an unsuccessful suicide attempt. This means that the person does not succeed in taking their own life. So, we can eliminate answer choices A, C, and E because they all involve the person dying. This leaves us with answer choices B and D. Interruption could mean that someone or something stopped the person from completing their attempt, which could result in an unsuccessful attempt. Hatred, on the other hand, does not necessarily have a direct connection to the outcome of the attempt. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) interruption. The answer is B.\n\nQ: I you believe in god, where will you go when you die? Answer Choices: (A) heaven (B) church (C) imagination (D) synagogue (E) monastery\nA: Let's think step by step. If I believe in God, then I believe in an afterlife. If I believe in an afterlife, then I believe that there is a place where my soul will go after I die. If I believe in the Christian faith, then I believe that I will go to heaven. Therefore, my answer would be (A) heaven. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If I have a modern light source in my living room, what is it likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) sky (B) house (C) lamp (D) match (E) candle\nA: Let's think step by step. A modern light source is likely to be something that produces light. The sky is not a man-made object and does not produce light, so we can eliminate option (A). A house is a building and does not produce light, so we can eliminate option (B). A match and a candle are both traditional sources of light, but they are not considered modern, so we can eliminate options (D) and (E). This leaves us with option (C), a lamp, which is a common modern light source found in living rooms. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) lamp. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What must happen for an animal to and it's offspring to continue livng? Answer Choices: (A) death (B) flying (C) reproducing (D) food consumed (E) eventually die\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the animal must be alive. Then, it must reproduce to have offspring. The offspring must be able to consume food to survive. Eventually, the animal and its offspring will die, but before that, they must continue living by reproducing and consuming food. So, the correct answer is (C) reproducing. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would a corpse be covered by a blanket? Answer Choices: (A) bath store (B) bedroom (C) hospital (D) flower garden (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a corpse is a dead body. So, it would not be in a bath store or a flower garden. Next, it is not common for a corpse to be in a bedroom, unless it is a crime scene. That leaves us with the most likely answer, which is (C) hospital. In a hospital, a corpse may be covered by a blanket in a morgue or in a patient's room before being taken to the morgue. The answer is C.\n\nQ: As a result of dying, what happens to organic material? Answer Choices: (A) change of color (B) stop breathing (C) wake up (D) death and decay (E) getting cold\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The couple explained they were having trouble communicating, it seemed every conversation took great what? Answer Choices: (A) thinking (B) effort (C) laugh (D) force (E) medium\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The couple is having trouble communicating. What does that mean? It means that they are having difficulty talking to each other and understanding each other. So, what do they need to do to have a successful conversation? They need to put in effort. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) effort. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is it called when you are talking to someone? Answer Choices: (A) communication (B) quiet (C) boredom (D) persuaded (E) learn\nA: Let's think step by step. When you are talking to someone, you are engaging in a form of interaction. This interaction involves exchanging information, ideas, or feelings between two or more people. This process is known as communication. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) communication. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The couple explained they were having trouble communicating, it seemed every conversation took great what? Answer Choices: (A) thinking (B) effort (C) laugh (D) force (E) medium\nA: Let's think step by step. The couple is having trouble communicating. What does that mean? It means that they are having difficulty talking to each other and understanding each other. So, what do they need to do to have a successful conversation? They need to put in effort. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) effort. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you find an office worker gossiping with their colleagues? Answer Choices: (A) water cooler (B) space shuttle (C) baby shower (D) bus stop (E) family\nA: Let's think step by step. An office worker is someone who works in an office. Gossiping is talking about other people's personal lives or rumors. Colleagues are people who work together. So, where would an office worker gossip with their colleagues? The most likely answer is (A) water cooler. The water cooler is a common area in an office where people gather to get water and take breaks. It is a popular spot for office workers to chat and catch up with their colleagues. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The gimmicky low brow TV show was about animals when they what? Answer Choices: (A) sick (B) mammals (C) males (D) bite (E) attack\nA: Let's think step by step. The show is about animals. What do animals do? They can get sick, but that doesn't make sense in the context of a TV show. They can be mammals, but that's not really a \"gimmick.\" They can be males, but that doesn't really make sense either. They can bite, but that's not really a \"gimmick\" either. So the answer must be E) attack. The show is probably about animals attacking people or other animals in some way. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The couple explained they were having trouble communicating, it seemed every conversation took great what? Answer Choices: (A) thinking (B) effort (C) laugh (D) force (E) medium\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What geographic area is a lizard likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) ball stopped (B) west texas (C) arid regions (D) garden (E) warm place\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that a lizard is a type of animal. Next, we know that it is likely to be in a geographic area. This rules out options A and D, as they are not geographic areas. Option B, west Texas, is a specific location and not a general geographic area. This leaves us with options C and E. Lizards are cold-blooded animals and are typically found in warm places, so the most likely answer is (E) warm place. However, they are also commonly found in arid regions, so (C) arid regions could also be a correct answer. The answer is E or C.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Bob the lizard lives in a warm place with lots of water.  Where does he probably live? Answer Choices: (A) rock (B) tropical rainforest (C) jazz club (D) new mexico (E) rocky places\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Bob the lizard lives in a warm place. This eliminates options (A) rock and (E) rocky places, as these are not typically warm environments. 2. Bob the lizard also lives with lots of water. This eliminates option (D) New Mexico, as it is a desert region with limited water sources. 3. This leaves us with options (B) tropical rainforest and (C) jazz club. While it is possible for lizards to live in a jazz club (especially if it has a tropical theme), it is more likely that Bob lives in a natural environment. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) tropical rainforest. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do you need energy to do in gym class? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) tacos (C) mass (D) play sports (E) wrestle\nA: Let's think step by step. What do you do in gym class? You play sports, right? So, what do you need energy for? You need energy to play sports. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) play sports. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is the sun ultimately responsible for? Answer Choices: (A) earth warming (B) sun tan (C) light (D) life on earth (E) heat\nA: Let's think step by step. The sun is a star that is located at the center of our solar system. It is a massive, glowing sphere of hot gas that provides light and heat to the planets in our solar system. So, the sun is responsible for providing light and heat to the Earth. This light and heat are essential for the survival of life on Earth. Therefore, the sun is ultimately responsible for life on Earth. So, the correct answer is (D) life on earth. The answer is D.\n\nQ: james told his son to settle down and be careful.  There were many frogs mating in the area, and James didn't want his son to do what to them? Answer Choices: (A) wander (B) migrate (C) scare (D) disturb (E) agitate\nA: Let's think step by step. James told his son to settle down and be careful. Why? Because there were many frogs mating in the area. So, what does James not want his son to do to the frogs? He doesn't want his son to do what to them? The answer choices are: (A) wander (B) migrate (C) scare (D) disturb (E) agitate. Which one of these words means to bother or disrupt? That's right, it's (D) disturb. James doesn't want his son to disturb the frogs while they are mating. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would a person live that isn't in the metro area but still has good schools? Answer Choices: (A) woods (B) bed (C) suburbs (D) rural (E) neighborhood\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person does not live in the metro area. This means that they do not live in a big city. Next, we know that they want to live in an area with good schools. This means that they want to live in a place where there are good educational opportunities for their children. Based on this information, we can eliminate options A, B, and D. The woods, a bed, and a rural area are unlikely to have good schools. This leaves us with options C and E. Both suburbs and neighborhoods can have good schools, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer without more information. However, if we had to choose one, we could say that the person is more likely to live in a suburb because suburbs are typically located outside of the city and have a mix of residential and commercial areas, making them a good option for families with children. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The ball was hit over a boundary and struck an audience member.  What kind of game were they playing? Answer Choices: (A) sporting event (B) sporting (C) basketball (D) society (E) ranch country\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the ball was hit over a boundary, which suggests that it was a game with boundaries, such as a field or court. This rules out options D and E. Next, we know that the ball struck an audience member, which suggests that it was a game with spectators. This rules out option C. Finally, we know that the ball was hit, which suggests that it was a game involving a ball. This rules out option D. Therefore, the most likely answer is A) sporting event. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where can you get a lizard to keep in your home? Answer Choices: (A) desert country (B) dessert (C) pet shop (D) tropical areas (E) zoo\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells lizards as pets. This rules out options A, B, and D, as they are not specific locations where you can purchase a lizard. Option E, the zoo, may have lizards, but they are not typically sold as pets. This leaves us with option C, the pet shop, as the most likely answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would a corpse be covered by a blanket? Answer Choices: (A) bath store (B) bedroom (C) hospital (D) flower garden (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a corpse is a dead body. So, it would not be in a bath store or a flower garden. Next, it is not common for a corpse to be in a bedroom, unless it is a crime scene. That leaves us with the most likely answer, which is (C) hospital. In a hospital, a corpse may be covered by a blanket in a morgue or in a patient's room before being taken to the morgue. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What geographic area is a lizard likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) ball stopped (B) west texas (C) arid regions (D) garden (E) warm place\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What do audiences clap for? Answer Choices: (A) cinema (B) theatre (C) movies (D) show (E) hockey game\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. Audiences clap to show their appreciation or approval of something. This could happen in a variety of settings, but the most common ones are at a theater, a show, or a hockey game. While audiences may also clap at a cinema or for movies, it is not as common as the other options. Therefore, the most likely answer is (D) show. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is the hopeful result of going to see a play? Answer Choices: (A) sit (B) being entertained (C) jobless (D) meet (E) laugh\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to see a play, you are going to a theater. So, you are going to sit in a theater. But, that's not the hopeful result. The hopeful result is what you expect to happen when you go to see a play. So, what do you expect to happen when you go to see a play? You expect to be entertained, right? So, the hopeful result of going to see a play is being entertained. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) being entertained. The answer is B.\n\nQ: When you get together with friends to watch film, you might do plenty of this? Answer Choices: (A) see what happens (B) enjoy stories (C) pass time (D) have fun (E) interesting\nA: Let's think step by step. When you get together with friends to watch film, what do you do? You watch the film, right? So, what do you do while you watch the film? You might do plenty of things, but what is the most likely thing you would do? You would probably have fun, right? So, the correct answer is (D) have fun. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Everybody began performing once their director stated what? Answer Choices: (A) fear (B) injury (C) happiness (D) action (E) cut\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the director must have given some sort of instruction or command. Then, the performers began doing something. So, the director must have said something that prompted the performers to start performing. Out of the answer choices, the most logical option is (D) action. The director likely said something like \"Action!\" or \"Let's begin!\" to signal the start of the performance. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The neighborhood had a great sense of community, there was always a crowd at the landing of the what? Answer Choices: (A) stairwell (B) arena (C) ocean (D) airport (E) apartment building\nA: Let's think step by step. The neighborhood had a great sense of community, so it is likely that people would gather together in a common area. The landing of the stairwell is a possible answer, as it is a common area in an apartment building where people can gather and chat. The arena is less likely, as it is a larger space and may not be easily accessible to everyone in the neighborhood. The ocean and airport are also unlikely, as they are not typically places where people would gather in a neighborhood setting. Therefore, the best answer is (E) apartment building. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The audience cheered when a goal was scored, what were they spectating? Answer Choices: (A) school (B) sporting event (C) concert hall (D) show (E) television\nA: Let's think step by step. The audience cheered when a goal was scored. This suggests that the event was a game or competition of some sort. The audience is also present in person, rather than watching from a distance, so we can eliminate option E (television). Option A (school) and option C (concert hall) do not typically host sporting events, so we can eliminate those as well. This leaves us with options B (sporting event) and D (show). While both of these options could potentially involve scoring goals, the word \"cheered\" suggests a more enthusiastic and energetic response, which is more commonly associated with a sporting event. Therefore, the most likely answer is option B (sporting event). The answer is B.\n\nQ: The gimmicky low brow TV show was about animals when they what? Answer Choices: (A) sick (B) mammals (C) males (D) bite (E) attack\nA: Let's think step by step. The show is about animals. What do animals do? They can get sick, but that doesn't make sense in the context of a TV show. They can be mammals, but that's not really a \"gimmick.\" They can be males, but that doesn't really make sense either. They can bite, but that's not really a \"gimmick\" either. So the answer must be E) attack. The show is probably about animals attacking people or other animals in some way. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If there is gum on your shoe where did it likely come from? Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) movies (C) sidewalk (D) water fountain (E) table\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to consider where gum is commonly found. It is not typically found on shelves or tables, so we can eliminate those options. Gum is often chewed in places where people are sitting or standing for a while, so it is possible that it could have come from a movie theater or a water fountain. However, the most likely option is the sidewalk. People often spit out gum while walking, and it can easily get stuck to someone's shoe. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) sidewalk. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do audiences clap for? Answer Choices: (A) cinema (B) theatre (C) movies (D) show (E) hockey game\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where do most people make coffee? Answer Choices: (A) coffee shop (B) office (C) table (D) washing (E) kitchen\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out where people usually make coffee. The answer choices are (A) coffee shop, (B) office, (C) table, (D) washing, and (E) kitchen. Out of these options, the most logical answer would be (E) kitchen. This is because most people have coffee makers or other equipment for making coffee in their kitchens. (A) coffee shop is a possible answer, but it is not as common for people to make their own coffee in a coffee shop. (B) office and (C) table are not specific enough and could refer to various locations. (D) washing is not related to making coffee at all. Therefore, (E) kitchen is the most likely answer. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where do apples form on an apple tree? Answer Choices: (A) south africa (B) sunshine (C) new york (D) bloom (E) trunk\nA: Let's think step by step. First, apples are a type of fruit, so they would not form on a trunk or in a specific location like South Africa. They also need sunlight to grow, so sunshine is not the correct answer. New York is a location, so it is also not the correct answer. This leaves us with two options: bloom or branches. Apples form on the branches of an apple tree after the tree has bloomed. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) bloom. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What do young boys do on the ice in the winter? Answer Choices: (A) ski (B) play hockey (C) summer (D) knit (E) warm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what ice is. Ice is a solid form of water that is frozen at a temperature of 0 degrees Celsius or 32 degrees Fahrenheit. So, what do young boys do on the ice in the winter? They can't swim or go boating like they might do in the summer. They also can't knit or warm themselves up on the ice. That leaves us with two options: ski or play hockey. While skiing is a popular winter activity, it is more commonly associated with adults or families. Young boys are more likely to play hockey on the ice in the winter. So, the correct answer is (B) play hockey. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where is a human likely to go as a result of being hungry? Answer Choices: (A) eat in restaurant (B) make bread (C) have lunch (D) cook dinner (E) friends house\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person is hungry. What is the first thing they might do? They might want to eat something. So, which answer choice involves eating something? Answer choice (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, and (D) cook dinner all involve eating something. Answer choice (B) make bread does not necessarily involve eating something, and answer choice (E) friend's house does not necessarily involve eating something either. So, the most likely answer is (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, or (D) cook dinner. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Dan fell off a bar stool.  He did this because he was what than ever before? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) drunker (C) tavern (D) restaurant (E) shorter\nA: Let's think step by step. Dan fell off a bar stool. This means that he was sitting on a bar stool and then he fell off of it. So, what could have caused him to fall off the bar stool? One possible reason could be that he was not sitting properly on the stool. Another reason could be that he lost his balance. But why would he lose his balance? This could be because he was not in a stable state. And what could cause him to not be in a stable state? One possible answer could be that he was drunk. So, the correct answer is (B) drunker. Dan fell off a bar stool because he was drunker than ever before. The answer is B.\n\nQ: In what Spanish speaking North American country can you get a great cup of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) mildred's coffee shop (B) mexico (C) diner (D) kitchen (E) canteen\nA: Let's think step by step. We are looking for a Spanish speaking North American country. So, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not countries. That leaves us with option (B), Mexico. Mexico is a Spanish speaking country located in North America and is known for its delicious coffee. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) Mexico. The answer is B.\n\nQ: A loud machine is irritating, but many are expected where? Answer Choices: (A) museum (B) house (C) laboratory (D) library (E) industrial area\nA: Let's think step by step. A loud machine is irritating. So, we can eliminate (A) museum, (B) house, (D) library. Because these places are not expected to have loud machines. Now, we are left with (C) laboratory and (E) industrial area. A laboratory is a place where experiments are conducted, so it is not expected to have loud machines. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) industrial area. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where are  you likely to find a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) fast food restaurant (B) pizza (C) ground up dead cows (D) mouth (E) cow carcus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a hamburger is a type of food. So, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not related to food. Next, we know that a hamburger is a popular food item that is often served in restaurants. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is not a location. This leaves us with options (A) and (B). However, pizza is not typically associated with hamburgers, so the correct answer is (A) fast food restaurant. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where do most people make coffee? Answer Choices: (A) coffee shop (B) office (C) table (D) washing (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out where people usually make coffee. The answer choices are (A) coffee shop, (B) office, (C) table, (D) washing, and (E) kitchen. Out of these options, the most logical answer would be (E) kitchen. This is because most people have coffee makers or other equipment for making coffee in their kitchens. (A) coffee shop is a possible answer, but it is not as common for people to make their own coffee in a coffee shop. (B) office and (C) table are not specific enough and could refer to various locations. (D) washing is not related to making coffee at all. Therefore, (E) kitchen is the most likely answer. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where do most people make coffee? Answer Choices: (A) coffee shop (B) office (C) table (D) washing (E) kitchen\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Why would a small dog pant if it's hot outside? Answer Choices: (A) outside (B) europe (C) heat (D) wet (E) dog show\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a small dog panting. This means that the answer must relate to the dog's behavior. Next, we see that the question mentions that it is hot outside. This gives us a clue that the answer must have something to do with the weather. Finally, we see that the answer choices are (A) outside, (B) europe, (C) heat, (D) wet, and (E) dog show. Out of these choices, the only one that relates to the weather and the dog's behavior is (C) heat. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) heat. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? Answer Choices: (A) write sentences on paper (B) ink in (C) ink cartridges (D) caps (E) cling film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to prevent - the pen from drying out. Then, we need to think about what could cause the pen to dry out - exposure to air. Finally, we need to think about what could cover or seal the pen to prevent air from getting in - a cap or cling film. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) caps. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? Answer Choices: (A) start fighting (B) play (C) lots of attention (D) petted (E) bone\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you have to approach the dog. Then, you have to reach out your hand. Next, you have to gently touch the dog's fur. Finally, you have to move your hand back and forth. Based on these steps, the correct answer is (D) petted. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The person wasn't bothered by the weather, she had remembered to bring her what? Answer Choices: (A) read book (B) own house (C) apartment (D) more rice (E) warm coat\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wasn't bothered by the weather. This means that the weather was not affecting her negatively. So, what could she have brought that would help her not be bothered by the weather? The answer is (E) warm coat. A warm coat would protect her from the cold and keep her comfortable in the weather. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you have a ticket and you are planning to eat hot dogs, where would you go? Answer Choices: (A) lottery (B) person's hand (C) baseball stadium (D) movie (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that we have a ticket, so we are most likely going to an event or place that requires a ticket for entry. Next, we know that we are planning to eat hot dogs, so we can eliminate options like the lottery and a movie, as those do not typically offer hot dogs. This leaves us with options (B), (C), and (E). A person's hand is not a likely place to find hot dogs, so we can eliminate that option. This leaves us with (C) baseball stadium and (E) kitchen. While it is possible to eat hot dogs in a kitchen, it is more likely that we would go to a baseball stadium to eat hot dogs, as they are a popular food at sporting events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) baseball stadium. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Why would a small dog pant if it's hot outside? Answer Choices: (A) outside (B) europe (C) heat (D) wet (E) dog show\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a small dog panting. This means that the answer must relate to the dog's behavior. Next, we see that the question mentions that it is hot outside. This gives us a clue that the answer must have something to do with the weather. Finally, we see that the answer choices are (A) outside, (B) europe, (C) heat, (D) wet, and (E) dog show. Out of these choices, the only one that relates to the weather and the dog's behavior is (C) heat. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) heat. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where do you keep your pizza slice before you eat it? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) plate (C) restaurant (D) oven (E) popular\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you order a pizza at a restaurant. Then, the pizza is cooked in an oven. Once it's ready, the server brings it to your table on a plate. So, the correct answer would be (B) plate. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Why would a small dog pant if it's hot outside? Answer Choices: (A) outside (B) europe (C) heat (D) wet (E) dog show\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What can a newspaper be used to do to an engagement? Answer Choices: (A) announce (B) communicate (C) educate (D) inform (E) cancel\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what an engagement is. An engagement is a formal agreement to get married. Next, we need to think about what a newspaper is. A newspaper is a publication that contains news, articles, and advertisements. It is usually printed on large sheets of paper and distributed daily or weekly. So, how can a newspaper be used in relation to an engagement? A newspaper can be used to announce an engagement, communicate an engagement, educate about an engagement, inform about an engagement, or even cancel an engagement. However, the most common use of a newspaper in relation to an engagement would be to announce it. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) announce. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: From where do aliens arrive? Answer Choices: (A) outer space (B) weekly world news (C) roswell (D) universe (E) mars\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that aliens are beings from other planets. This means that they do not come from Earth. So, we can eliminate options B and C, as they are related to Earth. Next, we know that outer space is a vast expanse that includes all of the planets, stars, and galaxies. So, it is possible that aliens could come from outer space. However, the universe is even larger than outer space, as it includes everything in existence. So, it is also possible that aliens could come from the universe. Lastly, Mars is a planet in our solar system, so it is a part of outer space. Therefore, the most accurate answer would be A) outer space or D) universe. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is the hopeful result of going to see a play? Answer Choices: (A) sit (B) being entertained (C) jobless (D) meet (E) laugh\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to see a play, you are going to a theater. So, you are going to sit in a theater. But, that's not the hopeful result. The hopeful result is what you expect to happen when you go to see a play. So, what do you expect to happen when you go to see a play? You expect to be entertained, right? So, the hopeful result of going to see a play is being entertained. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) being entertained. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you're reading a newspaper from another country what are you doing? Answer Choices: (A) learning about world (B) education (C) get angry (D) concern (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a newspaper? A newspaper is a publication that contains news, articles, and advertisements. It is usually printed on large sheets of paper and distributed daily or weekly. Now, what does it mean to read a newspaper? Reading a newspaper means to look at the words and images on the paper and understand their meaning. So, if you're reading a newspaper from another country, you are looking at the words and images on the paper and trying to understand their meaning. This means that you are learning about the world. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) learning about the world. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The child pretended he was reading newspaper, he couldn't actually do it without what? Answer Choices: (A) patience (B) falling down (C) literacy (D) buying (E) knowing how to read\nA: Let's think step by step. The child pretended he was reading a newspaper. This means he was pretending to read. However, he couldn't actually do it. This means he wasn't actually reading. So, what does he need in order to actually read? He needs to know how to read. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) knowing how to read. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you find an office worker gossiping with their colleagues? Answer Choices: (A) water cooler (B) space shuttle (C) baby shower (D) bus stop (E) family\nA: Let's think step by step. An office worker is someone who works in an office. Gossiping is talking about other people's personal lives or rumors. Colleagues are people who work together. So, where would an office worker gossip with their colleagues? The most likely answer is (A) water cooler. The water cooler is a common area in an office where people gather to get water and take breaks. It is a popular spot for office workers to chat and catch up with their colleagues. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Lawyers often talk in front of an audience where? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) courtroom (C) office building (D) press charges (E) theatre\nA: Let's think step by step. Lawyers are professionals who represent clients in court. So, where do lawyers usually work? They work in a courtroom. So, the answer is (B) courtroom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What happens to a dog before someone puts up posters of them? Answer Choices: (A) get lost (B) require water (C) trained (D) bark (E) roll over\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the dog would have to get lost in order for someone to put up posters of them. So the correct answer is (A) get lost. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where can you buy a magazine, paper or gum? Answer Choices: (A) bank (B) rack (C) bed (D) newsstand (E) bus depot\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells magazines, papers, and gum. A bank does not typically sell these items, so we can eliminate option (A). Next, we can eliminate option (C) because a bed is not a place where you can buy items like magazines, papers, or gum. Option (E) can also be eliminated because a bus depot is a place where you can catch a bus, not buy items like magazines, papers, or gum. This leaves us with options (B) and (D). A rack is a common place to find magazines, papers, and gum, so option (B) is a good choice. However, a newsstand is specifically designed to sell newspapers, magazines, and other reading materials, so option (D) is the best answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) newsstand. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What can a newspaper be used to do to an engagement? Answer Choices: (A) announce (B) communicate (C) educate (D) inform (E) cancel\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Jenny enjoyed helping people.  It brought her a great deal of what? Answer Choices: (A) satisfaction (B) complications (C) train (D) feel good about yourself (E) enjoyment\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that Jenny enjoyed helping people. This means that she found it enjoyable or pleasurable. So, we can eliminate options (B) and (C) because they do not match the meaning of \"enjoyed.\" Next, we know that helping people brought Jenny something. This means that it had a positive effect on her. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it suggests a neutral or negative effect. This leaves us with options (A) and (E). Both of these options suggest a positive effect, but only option (A) specifically mentions satisfaction, which is a feeling of contentment or fulfillment. This matches the idea of enjoying something, so the correct answer is (A) satisfaction. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do you feel when giving assistance to the needy? Answer Choices: (A) reward (B) boredom (C) pleasure (D) happiness (E) satisfaction\nA: Let's think step by step. When you give assistance to the needy, you are helping someone who is in a difficult situation. This act of kindness can bring about a range of emotions. You may feel a sense of satisfaction or happiness knowing that you are making a positive impact on someone's life. You may also feel a sense of reward, as helping others can be a fulfilling experience. On the other hand, you may feel bored if the assistance you are providing is repetitive or unchallenging. However, overall, the most common and appropriate answer would be (E) satisfaction. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Jenny enjoyed helping people.  It brought her a great deal of what? Answer Choices: (A) satisfaction (B) complications (C) train (D) feel good about yourself (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Jenny enjoyed helping people. This means that she found it enjoyable or pleasurable. So, we can eliminate options (B) and (C) because they do not match the meaning of \"enjoyed.\" Next, we know that helping people brought Jenny something. This means that it had a positive effect on her. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it suggests a neutral or negative effect. This leaves us with options (A) and (E). Both of these options suggest a positive effect, but only option (A) specifically mentions satisfaction, which is a feeling of contentment or fulfillment. This matches the idea of enjoying something, so the correct answer is (A) satisfaction. The answer is A.\n\nQ: There was more than one bum asking for change or a ticket, it was the cheapest way to travel so it was no surprise sight at the what? Answer Choices: (A) train station (B) beach (C) bus depot (D) bridge (E) stumblebum\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The sentence mentions \"the cheapest way to travel,\" which suggests that the location is a transportation hub. 2. The sentence also mentions \"asking for change or a ticket,\" which suggests that the location is a place where people can buy tickets or board a mode of transportation. 3. The sentence mentions \"more than one bum,\" which suggests that the location is a public place where people can gather. 4. Putting all of these clues together, the most likely answer is (C) bus depot. This is a place where people can buy bus tickets and board buses, it is a transportation hub, and it is a public place where people can gather. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) ready parlor for guests (C) welcome guests (D) work room (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. The hostess was good at her job. What was her job? Her job was to welcome guests. So, the answer is (C) welcome guests. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a treat that you dog will enjoy? Answer Choices: (A) salad (B) petted (C) affection (D) bone (E) lots of attention\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking for a treat that a dog will enjoy. So, we can eliminate options (A) salad and (B) petted because they are not typically considered treats for dogs. Next, we can eliminate option (C) affection because while dogs do enjoy affection, it is not typically considered a treat. This leaves us with options (D) bone and (E) lots of attention. Both of these options could be considered treats for dogs, but option (D) bone is a more specific and common treat for dogs. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) bone. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Jenny enjoyed helping people.  It brought her a great deal of what? Answer Choices: (A) satisfaction (B) complications (C) train (D) feel good about yourself (E) enjoyment\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Many homes in this country are built around a courtyard. Where is it? Answer Choices: (A) candidate (B) spain (C) lawn (D) asshole (E) office complex\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The question is asking about a country where many homes are built around a courtyard. This means that the country must have a cultural or architectural tradition of using courtyards in home design. Out of the given options, the most likely answer is (B) Spain. Spain has a long history of using courtyards in home design, and many homes in Spain are built around a central courtyard. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) Spain. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: A computer user working on an important work assignment is located in what structure? Answer Choices: (A) office building (B) internet cafe (C) house (D) school (E) internet cafe\nA: Let's think step by step. The computer user is working on an important work assignment. This means that they need a quiet and professional environment to focus on their work. This rules out options (C) house and (D) school, as these locations may have distractions and may not have the necessary equipment for the user's work. Option (B) internet cafe may also have distractions and may not have the necessary equipment. This leaves us with options (A) office building and (E) internet cafe. Both of these locations can provide a quiet and professional environment with the necessary equipment for the user's work. However, option (A) office building is more likely to be the correct answer as it is specifically designed for work and may have stricter rules and regulations for noise and behavior. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) office building. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you have a home with a courtyard, what's one thing you probably don't have to care for any longer? Answer Choices: (A) lawn (B) kids (C) asshole (D) spain (E) office complex\nA: Let's think step by step. A courtyard is an outdoor space that is surrounded by walls or buildings. So, if you have a courtyard, you probably don't have to care for a lawn any longer because the walls or buildings would cover the ground and prevent grass from growing. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) lawn. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is a person who is good at sports considered? Answer Choices: (A) lazy (B) own house (C) talented (D) affluent (E) reproduce\nA: Let's think step by step. A person who is good at sports is someone who is skilled and successful in athletic activities. This person is likely to be physically fit, dedicated, and hardworking. They may also possess qualities such as determination, discipline, and perseverance. Based on these characteristics, we can eliminate options A, B, and D. Option E is not relevant to the context. Therefore, the correct answer is C) talented. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Most people who are family like to greet each other with a what? Answer Choices: (A) apartments (B) listen to music (C) have friends (D) know what ophiolites (E) hug\nA: Let's think step by step. The question is asking about what most people like to do when they greet each other. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (C), and (D) because they do not relate to greetings. Option (E) is the only one that makes sense in this context, as hugging is a common way for family members to greet each other. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) hug. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where could you find hundreds of thousands of home? Answer Choices: (A) field (B) neighborhood (C) star can (D) city or town (E) apartment building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where there are many homes. A field is not a good option because it is usually used for farming or open space. A star can is also not a good option because it is a small container and cannot hold hundreds of thousands of homes. An apartment building is also not a good option because it usually only has a few hundred units. This leaves us with two options: neighborhood and city or town. Both of these options could potentially have hundreds of thousands of homes, but a city or town is a larger area and is more likely to have that many homes. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) city or town. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The carpet was smelly and discouraged the league from playing there, where was this smelly carpet installed? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) movie theater (C) bowling alley (D) church (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. The league was discouraged from playing there because of the smelly carpet. So, the carpet was installed in a place where people play. Out of the given options, the most likely place where people play is a bowling alley. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) bowling alley. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What would you be building if you designed a place for an annoying critter to stay? Answer Choices: (A) spread disease (B) swamp (C) fly away (D) cat condo (E) bug campers\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is for an annoying critter to stay. This means that the place should be designed to keep the critter contained and prevent it from bothering others. Next, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not fit this purpose. Option (C) does not make sense in this context. Option (D) could work, but it seems more like a place for a pet cat to stay rather than an annoying critter. This leaves us with option (E), bug campers. This could be a suitable option because it implies a small, contained space for the critter to stay in, while also acknowledging that it is a temporary residence. Therefore, the answer is (E) bug campers. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you keep an ottoman near your front door? Answer Choices: (A) living room (B) parlor (C) furniture store (D) basement (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an ottoman? An ottoman is a piece of furniture that is typically used as a footstool or for extra seating. It is usually placed in a living room or family room. So, the answer would be (A) living room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Many homes in this country are built around a courtyard. Where is it? Answer Choices: (A) candidate (B) spain (C) lawn (D) asshole (E) office complex\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What kind of cold storage could you find in your house? Answer Choices: (A) ice pack (B) freezer (C) laboratory (D) warehouse (E) refrigerator\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine what type of cold storage we are talking about. The question mentions \"in your house,\" so we can eliminate options (C) laboratory and (D) warehouse because those are not typically found in a house. Next, we need to think about what type of cold storage is commonly found in a house. An ice pack is not a type of storage, it is a temporary solution for keeping things cold. That leaves us with options (B) freezer and (E) refrigerator. Both of these are types of cold storage commonly found in a house. However, a freezer is specifically designed for long-term storage of frozen items, while a refrigerator is designed for short-term storage of perishable items. So, the correct answer is (E) refrigerator. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is a good place to store pamphlets in your home or office? Answer Choices: (A) library (B) health department (C) mail box (D) drawer (E) bookstore\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine what type of pamphlets we are talking about. If they are informational pamphlets, then the best place to store them would be in a drawer or a designated filing cabinet. This will keep them organized and easily accessible when needed. If the pamphlets are related to health or medical information, then storing them in a designated folder or binder in a health department or doctor's office would be a good idea. If the pamphlets are related to books or literature, then a bookstore or library would be a suitable place to store them. A mailbox would not be a good place to store pamphlets as they could easily get lost or damaged. So, the best answer would be (D) drawer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do young boys do on the ice in the winter? Answer Choices: (A) ski (B) play hockey (C) summer (D) knit (E) warm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what ice is. Ice is a solid form of water that is frozen at a temperature of 0 degrees Celsius or 32 degrees Fahrenheit. So, what do young boys do on the ice in the winter? They can't swim or go boating like they might do in the summer. They also can't knit or warm themselves up on the ice. That leaves us with two options: ski or play hockey. While skiing is a popular winter activity, it is more commonly associated with adults or families. Young boys are more likely to play hockey on the ice in the winter. So, the correct answer is (B) play hockey. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The person wasn't bothered by the weather, she had remembered to bring her what? Answer Choices: (A) read book (B) own house (C) apartment (D) more rice (E) warm coat\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wasn't bothered by the weather. This means that the weather was not affecting her negatively. So, what could she have brought that would help her not be bothered by the weather? The answer is (E) warm coat. A warm coat would protect her from the cold and keep her comfortable in the weather. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is a place that is far away from your house and where you could consume beer? Answer Choices: (A) refrigerator (B) friend's house (C) keg (D) neighbor's house (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need a place that is far away from your house. So, we can eliminate options (A) refrigerator and (E) kitchen because they are both located in your house. Next, we need a place where you could consume beer. This eliminates option (C) keg because a keg is not a place, it is a container for beer. This leaves us with options (B) friend's house and (D) neighbor's house. Both of these options are places that are far away from your house and where you could consume beer. So, the correct answer is either (B) friend's house or (D) neighbor's house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What very cold area in the east can a crab be found? Answer Choices: (A) fish market (B) shallow waters (C) atlantic ocean (D) fresh water (E) shore line\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that crabs are sea creatures, so they are most likely found in the ocean. Next, we know that the question mentions a \"very cold area in the east.\" This could refer to the northeastern United States, which is known for its cold winters. So, we can eliminate options (A), (D), and (E) because they do not mention the ocean or the east. This leaves us with options (B) and (C). However, option (B) mentions \"shallow waters,\" which could refer to any body of water, not just the ocean. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) atlantic ocean. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you buy food? Answer Choices: (A) freezer (B) store (C) home (D) hatred (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what we are buying. The question says \"food,\" so we can eliminate options A, C, and E because they are not places where you can buy food. Option D, \"hatred,\" is also not a place where you can buy food. That leaves us with option B, \"store.\" A store is a place where you can buy food, so that is the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What kind of cold storage could you find in your house? Answer Choices: (A) ice pack (B) freezer (C) laboratory (D) warehouse (E) refrigerator\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where areas are there likely to be many nightclubs? Answer Choices: (A) manhattan (B) drink and dance (C) alcohol (D) major city (E) downtown area\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a nightclub is. A nightclub is a type of entertainment venue that typically operates late into the night and offers music, dancing, and drinks. So, we can eliminate options (B) and (C) because they are not locations. Next, we know that nightclubs are often found in urban areas where there is a high concentration of people and entertainment options. This leads us to options (A) and (D). However, Manhattan is a borough of New York City, so it is not a standalone location. Therefore, the best answer is (D) major city. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Punk rock music is an important part of what action sport? Answer Choices: (A) skate (B) listen (C) opera (D) opera (E) relax\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what punk rock music is. Punk rock is a genre of rock music that emerged in the mid-1970s. It is characterized by fast-paced songs with hard-edged melodies and often politically charged lyrics. Now, let's think about which action sport would be most closely associated with this type of music. Skateboarding is often associated with punk rock music, as both emerged in the 1970s and have a rebellious and countercultural spirit. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) skate. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you're going to a party in a new town what are you hoping to make? Answer Choices: (A) getting drunk (B) making new friends (C) new contacts (D) doing drugs (E) set home\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you're going to a party in a new town. What is the main purpose of going to a party? Usually, it's to have fun and socialize. So, let's eliminate options A and D, as they involve potentially harmful or illegal activities. Option E doesn't make sense in this context, as you're already at the party. That leaves us with options B and C. Both involve making connections with people, but option B specifically mentions making friends, which is a positive and common goal when attending a party. Therefore, the best answer is (B) making new friends. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man didn't do great in college, all his best memories were late night with his brothers at the what? Answer Choices: (A) big city (B) fraternity house (C) school (D) building (E) big town\nA: Let's think step by step. The man didn't do great in college, so he probably didn't have a lot of academic success. This means that his best memories probably didn't come from studying or attending classes. Instead, his best memories were late night with his brothers. This suggests that he had a close group of friends or a community that he enjoyed spending time with. The answer choices are (A) big city, (B) fraternity house, (C) school, (D) building, and (E) big town. Out of these options, the best answer is (B) fraternity house. This is because a fraternity house is a place where a group of male students live together and form a close bond. Late nights with his brothers at the fraternity house would be a common and likely enjoyable experience for the man. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where do you go on a night out before going to the bar? Answer Choices: (A) new york city (B) las vegas (C) restaurant (D) nightclub (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you might want to go somewhere to eat dinner. So, the answer is (C) restaurant. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where are  you likely to find a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) fast food restaurant (B) pizza (C) ground up dead cows (D) mouth (E) cow carcus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a hamburger is a type of food. So, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not related to food. Next, we know that a hamburger is a popular food item that is often served in restaurants. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is not a location. This leaves us with options (A) and (B). However, pizza is not typically associated with hamburgers, so the correct answer is (A) fast food restaurant. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you get jeans and other wearable items to take home with you? Answer Choices: (A) shopping mall (B) museum (C) laundromat (D) clothing store (E) bedroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to find a place that sells clothing. This rules out options B, C, and E. Next, you would need to find a specific type of clothing, jeans. This rules out option A, as shopping malls typically have a variety of stores and may not have a specific clothing store that sells jeans. This leaves us with option D, a clothing store, as the most likely answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where areas are there likely to be many nightclubs? Answer Choices: (A) manhattan (B) drink and dance (C) alcohol (D) major city (E) downtown area\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If you have a large satchel with you when you fly you'll be asked to store it where? Answer Choices: (A) airport (B) luggage compartment (C) with the pilot (D) room (E) clothing store\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a large satchel and flying. This means that we are talking about air travel. Next, the question mentions storing the satchel, so we know that it needs to be placed somewhere. The answer choices are (A) airport, (B) luggage compartment, (C) with the pilot, (D) room, and (E) clothing store. Out of these options, the most logical place to store a large satchel during a flight would be the luggage compartment. This is where passengers typically store their larger bags and suitcases during a flight. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) luggage compartment. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: What do you use to carry your briefcase? Answer Choices: (A) office building (B) school (C) courtroom (D) airport (E) hand\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to have a briefcase. Then, you need to carry it somewhere. So, the answer is not the briefcase itself, but the method of carrying it. The correct answer is (E) hand. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time? Answer Choices: (A) shelter (B) floor (C) warm place (D) farmhouse (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the kitten's mother is a mouser, meaning she is good at catching mice. Next, we know that the kitten is going to grow up to be a mouser like its mother. So, where would the kitten need to spend most of its time in order to learn how to be a good mouser? The best answer would be (D) farmhouse, as this is where the mother would most likely be catching mice and the kitten could observe and learn from her. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What will a person going for a jog likely be wearing? Answer Choices: (A) grope (B) acknowledgment (C) comfortable clothes (D) ipod (E) passionate kisses\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a person is going for a jog. This means they will be doing some physical activity, so they will likely want to wear comfortable clothes. This eliminates options A, B, and E. Next, we can assume that they may want to listen to music while they jog, so they may have an iPod with them. This leaves us with option D. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) iPod. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do you do in order to fly in airplane? Answer Choices: (A) buy tickets (B) passenger (C) read (D) add gas (E) run through checklists\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy tickets in order to board the airplane. Then, you would be a passenger on the flight. Before takeoff, the pilot and crew would read through checklists to ensure everything is in order. Finally, the airplane would need to be fueled up with gas before it can fly. So, the correct answer would be (A) buy tickets, (B) passenger, (C) read, (E) run through checklists, and (D) add gas. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where are you when you're about to use your plane ticket? Answer Choices: (A) pocket (B) terrorists hands (C) airport (D) sea ship (E) briefcase\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to purchase a plane ticket. This can be done online or at a travel agency, so you could be at home or at a travel agency when you buy the ticket. Next, you would need to pack your bags and get ready to leave for your trip. This could be done at home or at a hotel if you are already traveling. Finally, you would need to go to the airport to check in and board your flight. So, the most likely answer is (C) airport. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What might a person be watching if they see a man with a suitcase full of money? Answer Choices: (A) baggage compartment (B) movie (C) subway (D) airplane (E) cargo hold\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man has a suitcase full of money. This suggests that he is traveling or transporting something valuable. Next, we are given a list of options to choose from. Out of these options, the most likely scenario would be that the person is watching a movie. This is because a movie can show a scene where a man is carrying a suitcase full of money, either as a main plot point or as a brief scene. The other options, such as a baggage compartment, subway, airplane, or cargo hold, do not necessarily involve a person carrying a suitcase full of money. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) movie. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you put uncooked crab meat? Answer Choices: (A) wharf (B) red lobster (C) tidepools (D) boss's office (E) stew pot\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that uncooked crab meat is not a living crab, so it wouldn't be found in a natural environment like tidepools. It also wouldn't be found in a restaurant like Red Lobster or in a workplace like the boss's office. That leaves us with two options: the wharf or a stew pot. The wharf is a place where seafood is often caught and sold, so it's possible that uncooked crab meat could be found there. However, the most likely place for uncooked crab meat would be in a stew pot, as that is where it would be cooked and prepared for consumption. So, the correct answer is (E) stew pot. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you have a large satchel with you when you fly you'll be asked to store it where? Answer Choices: (A) airport (B) luggage compartment (C) with the pilot (D) room (E) clothing store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a large satchel and flying. This means that we are talking about air travel. Next, the question mentions storing the satchel, so we know that it needs to be placed somewhere. The answer choices are (A) airport, (B) luggage compartment, (C) with the pilot, (D) room, and (E) clothing store. Out of these options, the most logical place to store a large satchel during a flight would be the luggage compartment. This is where passengers typically store their larger bags and suitcases during a flight. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) luggage compartment. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you have a large satchel with you when you fly you'll be asked to store it where? Answer Choices: (A) airport (B) luggage compartment (C) with the pilot (D) room (E) clothing store\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If you aren't well rested and it's a rainy day what might you do? Answer Choices: (A) sleep (B) write (C) make bread (D) stay in bed (E) enjoy film\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, if you aren't well rested, you might want to rest or sleep. So, the answer could be A or D. Next, if it's a rainy day, you might want to stay indoors. So, the answer could be D. However, if you are feeling creative, you might want to write or make bread. So, the answer could also be B or C. Lastly, if you want to relax and be entertained, you might want to enjoy a film. So, the answer could also be E. Therefore, the best answer would be D) stay in bed. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? Answer Choices: (A) write sentences on paper (B) ink in (C) ink cartridges (D) caps (E) cling film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to prevent - the pen from drying out. Then, we need to think about what could cause the pen to dry out - exposure to air. Finally, we need to think about what could cover or seal the pen to prevent air from getting in - a cap or cling film. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) caps. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you need to rest it's often because you have been doing what? Answer Choices: (A) action (B) sleep (C) sleeping (D) in motion (E) using energy\nA: Let's think step by step. When you need to rest, it's often because you feel tired or exhausted. Why do you feel tired or exhausted? It's because you have been using energy. So, the correct answer is (E) using energy. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you aren't well rested and it's a rainy day what might you do? Answer Choices: (A) sleep (B) write (C) make bread (D) stay in bed (E) enjoy film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, if you aren't well rested, you might want to rest or sleep. So, the answer could be A or D. Next, if it's a rainy day, you might want to stay indoors. So, the answer could be D. However, if you are feeling creative, you might want to write or make bread. So, the answer could also be B or C. Lastly, if you want to relax and be entertained, you might want to enjoy a film. So, the answer could also be E. Therefore, the best answer would be D) stay in bed. The answer is D.\n\nQ: John went to a party that lasted all night.  Because of this, he didn't have time for what? Answer Choices: (A) meeting (B) blowing off steam (C) stay home (D) partying hard (E) studying\nA: Let's think step by step. John went to a party that lasted all night. This means that he spent the entire night at the party. Because of this, he didn't have time for something else. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) meeting - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't have time for another meeting. (B) blowing off steam - This could make sense because John was at a party, which is a way to relax and have fun. But, we need to keep looking at the other choices to make sure. (C) stay home - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be staying home. (D) partying hard - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be partying hard somewhere else. (E) studying - This could make sense because John was at a party all night, so he wouldn't have time to study. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) studying. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where do you head to travel to a star? Answer Choices: (A) night sky (B) galaxy (C) outer space (D) hollywood (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to leave Earth to travel to a star. So, we need to head to outer space. Once we are in outer space, we can look up at the night sky and see the stars. So, the correct answer is (C) outer space. The answer is C.\n\nQ: I took my seat, the curtains drew back and I enjoyed the what? Answer Choices: (A) airplane (B) movie (C) auditorium (D) theatre (E) show\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you took your seat. Then, the curtains drew back. Finally, you enjoyed something. Based on this information, we can eliminate options (A) airplane and (C) auditorium, as they do not fit the context. Option (B) movie could be a possibility, but it doesn't make sense for curtains to draw back in a movie theater. That leaves us with options (D) theatre and (E) show. Both of these options could fit the context, but option (E) show is a more general term that could encompass a variety of performances, while option (D) theatre specifically refers to a building or space for performances. Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) show. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does the sky do before a rain? Answer Choices: (A) appear beautiful (B) appear blue (C) shows a rainbow (D) rain water (E) cloud over\nA: Let's think step by step. Before a rain, the sky does not appear beautiful because it is usually cloudy and gray. It also does not appear blue because the clouds cover the sky. A rainbow can sometimes appear after a rain, but not before. Rain water does not affect the appearance of the sky. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) cloud over. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you aren't well rested and it's a rainy day what might you do? Answer Choices: (A) sleep (B) write (C) make bread (D) stay in bed (E) enjoy film\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: A man takes a seat at a museum outside of Barcelona, where is he likely? Answer Choices: (A) in cinema (B) martorell (C) falling down (D) show (E) airplane\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. A man takes a seat at a museum outside of Barcelona. This means that the man is sitting at a museum that is located outside of the city of Barcelona. So, where is he likely? He is likely in the city of Martorell, as it is located outside of Barcelona and is home to several museums. The other options do not fit the context of the sentence. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you sit in a chair while working toward an advanced degree? Answer Choices: (A) aeroport (B) church (C) furniture store (D) university (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that we are working toward an advanced degree. This means that we are studying and learning in order to earn a higher level of education. Next, we need to think about where we would typically study or attend classes while working toward an advanced degree. This would most likely be at a university, as universities are institutions of higher education where students can earn advanced degrees. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) university. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The man laid on the soft moss and looked up at the trees, where was the man? Answer Choices: (A) niagra falls (B) forest (C) waterfall (D) ground (E) tree\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is laying on soft moss, so he is not on a hard surface like the ground or a waterfall. He is also looking up at trees, so he must be in a place with tall trees. This eliminates options A and C. The man is also able to lay down comfortably, so he is not on a tree. This leaves us with option B, forest, as the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you do in order to fly in airplane? Answer Choices: (A) buy tickets (B) passenger (C) read (D) add gas (E) run through checklists\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy tickets in order to board the airplane. Then, you would be a passenger on the flight. Before takeoff, the pilot and crew would read through checklists to ensure everything is in order. Finally, the airplane would need to be fueled up with gas before it can fly. So, the correct answer would be (A) buy tickets, (B) passenger, (C) read, (E) run through checklists, and (D) add gas. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Dan fell off a bar stool.  He did this because he was what than ever before? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) drunker (C) tavern (D) restaurant (E) shorter\nA: Let's think step by step. Dan fell off a bar stool. This means that he was sitting on a bar stool and then he fell off of it. So, what could have caused him to fall off the bar stool? One possible reason could be that he was not sitting properly on the stool. Another reason could be that he lost his balance. But why would he lose his balance? This could be because he was not in a stable state. And what could cause him to not be in a stable state? One possible answer could be that he was drunk. So, the correct answer is (B) drunker. Dan fell off a bar stool because he was drunker than ever before. The answer is B.\n\nQ: As he looked out the window, he knew the landing was happening soon, and it made him nervous, but where would he be soon? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) disembark (C) stairwell (D) deplane (E) airport\nA: Let's think step by step. The person is on a plane, and they are looking out the window. They know that the landing is happening soon, which means that the plane is going to touch down on the ground. So, where would the person be soon? They would be on the ground, at the airport. The correct answer is (E) airport. The answer is E.\n\nQ: I took my seat, the curtains drew back and I enjoyed the what? Answer Choices: (A) airplane (B) movie (C) auditorium (D) theatre (E) show\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you took your seat. Then, the curtains drew back. Finally, you enjoyed something. Based on this information, we can eliminate options (A) airplane and (C) auditorium, as they do not fit the context. Option (B) movie could be a possibility, but it doesn't make sense for curtains to draw back in a movie theater. That leaves us with options (D) theatre and (E) show. Both of these options could fit the context, but option (E) show is a more general term that could encompass a variety of performances, while option (D) theatre specifically refers to a building or space for performances. Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) show. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The tiger was stuck in what animal prison where he got lazy and fat? Answer Choices: (A) jungle (B) zoo (C) kill (D) india (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the tiger was stuck in an animal prison. This means that he was not free to roam around and do as he pleased. Next, we know that he got lazy and fat. This suggests that he was not getting enough exercise and was probably being overfed. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) jungle doesn't make sense because a jungle is a natural habitat for a tiger and he wouldn't be stuck there. (D) India also doesn't make sense because it is a country and not a place where a tiger would be stuck. (E) Eat cake is not a place or a type of prison. This leaves us with (B) zoo and (C) kill. (C) Kill doesn't make sense because it is not a place and it doesn't fit with the context of the sentence. This leaves us with (B) zoo as the correct answer. A zoo is a type of animal prison where animals are kept in captivity for people to come and see. In this case, the tiger got lazy and fat because he was not able to hunt and roam freely like he would in the wild. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) zoo. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The merchant wanted to open in a high-traffic space, where did he rent space? Answer Choices: (A) mall (B) business (C) store (D) sale (E) sell goods\nA: Let's think step by step. The merchant wanted to open in a high-traffic space. This means that he wanted to open his business in a place where there are a lot of people passing by. So, where do you usually find a lot of people? In a mall! So, the answer is (A) mall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A man takes a seat at a museum outside of Barcelona, where is he likely? Answer Choices: (A) in cinema (B) martorell (C) falling down (D) show (E) airplane\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is the opposite of an area of elevation? Answer Choices: (A) disgust (B) reduction (C) depression (D) demotion (E) diminishment\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. An area of elevation is a place that is higher or raised. So, the opposite would be a place that is lower or lowered. This eliminates options (A) disgust and (D) demotion. Now, let's look at the remaining options. (B) reduction and (E) diminishment both mean a decrease or lessening, but they do not necessarily refer to a physical location. The best answer is (C) depression, which means a sunken or lowered area. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you sit in a chair while working toward an advanced degree? Answer Choices: (A) aeroport (B) church (C) furniture store (D) university (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that we are working toward an advanced degree. This means that we are studying and learning in order to earn a higher level of education. Next, we need to think about where we would typically study or attend classes while working toward an advanced degree. This would most likely be at a university, as universities are institutions of higher education where students can earn advanced degrees. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) university. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What could you get an unsmooth pit from? Answer Choices: (A) backyard (B) rock (C) mine (D) cherry (E) peach\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a pit is a hard seed inside a fruit. So, we can eliminate options A, B, and C because they are not related to fruits. Now, we are left with options D and E. Both cherry and peach have pits, but the question asks about an unsmooth pit. This means that the pit is not smooth, it has some roughness or bumps. So, the correct answer would be option E, peach. Peach pits are known to have a rough and bumpy texture. The answer is E.\n\nQ: They were hoping their campaign would create a rise in awareness of the problem and hopefully do what to its effect? Answer Choices: (A) set (B) fall (C) park (D) descend (E) reduce\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The campaign would create a rise in awareness of the problem. This means that more people would become aware of the problem. 2. The effect of this rise in awareness would hopefully do something. 3. What would they hope for the effect to do? They would hope for the effect to reduce the problem. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) reduce. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the opposite of a little of something? Answer Choices: (A) much (B) plenty (C) more (D) big (E) lot of\nA: Let's think step by step. The opposite of \"little\" is \"much.\" However, the question asks for the opposite of \"a little of something,\" which means a small amount. So, the correct answer would be (E) lot of. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the opposite of an area of elevation? Answer Choices: (A) disgust (B) reduction (C) depression (D) demotion (E) diminishment\nA: Let's think step by step. An area of elevation is a place that is higher or raised. So, the opposite would be a place that is lower or lowered. This eliminates options (A) disgust and (D) demotion. Now, let's look at the remaining options. (B) reduction and (E) diminishment both mean a decrease or lessening, but they do not necessarily refer to a physical location. The best answer is (C) depression, which means a sunken or lowered area. The answer is C.\n\nQ: You'll find a landing at the top of what? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) apartment building (C) stairwell (D) airport (E) room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a landing. A landing is a flat area at the top of a set of stairs or at the end of a hallway. So, we can eliminate options (A) ocean and (D) airport because they do not have stairs or hallways. Next, we need to think about where we would typically find stairs or hallways. Option (B) apartment building and (E) room both have stairs and hallways, so they could potentially have a landing. However, option (C) stairwell specifically mentions stairs, so it is the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stairwell. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you turn off the music in a room with no other noise that room would be what? Answer Choices: (A) silent (B) opera (C) silence (D) television (E) elevator\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. If you turn off the music, there would be no sound coming from the speakers. 2. If there is no other noise in the room, then there would be no other sounds present. 3. Therefore, the room would be silent. So, the correct answer is (A) silent. The answer is A.\n\nQ: In what substance do clouds float? Answer Choices: (A) sky (B) top of mountain (C) air (D) ground level (E) outer space\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that clouds are visible masses of water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the atmosphere. This means that they are not solid objects and cannot float on a solid surface like the ground or the top of a mountain. They also cannot float in outer space because there is no atmosphere for them to be suspended in. This leaves us with the remaining options of sky and air. The sky is not a substance, but rather the space above the Earth's surface where the atmosphere is located. This leaves us with air as the correct answer. Clouds float in the air, specifically in the lower layers of the Earth's atmosphere. So, the correct answer is (C) air. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would a corpse be covered by a blanket? Answer Choices: (A) bath store (B) bedroom (C) hospital (D) flower garden (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a corpse is a dead body. So, it would not be in a bath store or a flower garden. Next, it is not common for a corpse to be in a bedroom, unless it is a crime scene. That leaves us with the most likely answer, which is (C) hospital. In a hospital, a corpse may be covered by a blanket in a morgue or in a patient's room before being taken to the morgue. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is the opposite of an area of elevation? Answer Choices: (A) disgust (B) reduction (C) depression (D) demotion (E) diminishment\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: When you do something and have fun, its something you? Answer Choices: (A) spontaneous (B) stop working (C) pay for (D) do like (E) do enjoy\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, you do something. Then, you have fun. So, when you do something and have fun, it's something you enjoy. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) do enjoy. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you do something and have fun, its something you? Answer Choices: (A) spontaneous (B) stop working (C) pay for (D) do like (E) do enjoy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you do something. Then, you have fun. So, when you do something and have fun, it's something you enjoy. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) do enjoy. The answer is E.\n\nQ: They kept doing things the same, she suggested they also try doing things what? Answer Choices: (A) differently (B) otherwise (C) expensive (D) only (E) mere\nA: Let's think step by step. The sentence says \"They kept doing things the same.\" This means that they were doing things in the same way, without changing anything. The word \"same\" is the key here. So, what do you think the answer is? If you said \"differently,\" you are correct! The sentence is suggesting that they try doing things differently, or in a different way. This will help them to improve and make progress. The other answer choices do not make sense in the context of the sentence. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When a human is earning money, where are they often found? Answer Choices: (A) deep thought (B) park (C) friend's house (D) place of work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. When a human is earning money, it means they are working. So, where do people usually work? The answer is (D) place of work. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) ready parlor for guests (C) welcome guests (D) work room (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. The hostess was good at her job. What was her job? Her job was to welcome guests. So, the answer is (C) welcome guests. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you do something and have fun, its something you? Answer Choices: (A) spontaneous (B) stop working (C) pay for (D) do like (E) do enjoy\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Why did the heavy metal band need electricity at the stadium? Answer Choices: (A) concert (B) bedroom (C) make person sick (D) building (E) church\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the heavy metal band is performing at a stadium. This means that they are most likely having a concert. So, the answer is (A) concert. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: How might releasing energy that has built up feel? Answer Choices: (A) damage (B) wonderful (C) exhaustion (D) orgasm (E) lazy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that energy has built up. This means that there is a lot of energy that has been stored or accumulated. Next, we know that this energy is being released. This means that the energy is being let go or set free. So, how might releasing this energy feel? It could feel wonderful, as the person may feel a sense of relief or release. It could also feel like an orgasm, as the release of energy can be pleasurable. However, it could also feel like exhaustion, as the body may have been holding onto this energy for a long time and now needs to rest. It could also feel lazy, as the person may feel a sense of relaxation or lethargy after expending this energy. It is unlikely to feel like damage, as releasing energy is typically a natural and healthy process. So, the best answer choices would be (B) wonderful, (D) orgasm, (C) exhaustion, or (E) lazy. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Some people got escorted out of the library, they were probably what? Answer Choices: (A) state facts (B) talking loudly (C) making money (D) amount to nothing (E) believe in god\nA: Let's think step by step. The sentence says \"Some people got escorted out of the library.\" This means that these people were asked to leave the library by someone, probably a librarian or security guard. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) state facts doesn't make sense because the sentence doesn't mention anything about stating facts. (C) making money also doesn't make sense because there is no indication that these people were making money in the library. (D) amount to nothing also doesn't make sense because there is no context for this phrase in the sentence. (E) believe in god also doesn't make sense because there is no mention of religion in the sentence. This leaves us with (B) talking loudly as the most logical answer. If these people were causing a disturbance by talking loudly in the library, they may have been asked to leave. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) talking loudly. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The neighborhood had a great sense of community, there was always a crowd at the landing of the what? Answer Choices: (A) stairwell (B) arena (C) ocean (D) airport (E) apartment building\nA: Let's think step by step. The neighborhood had a great sense of community, so it is likely that people would gather together in a common area. The landing of the stairwell is a possible answer, as it is a common area in an apartment building where people can gather and chat. The arena is less likely, as it is a larger space and may not be easily accessible to everyone in the neighborhood. The ocean and airport are also unlikely, as they are not typically places where people would gather in a neighborhood setting. Therefore, the best answer is (E) apartment building. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Why did the heavy metal band need electricity at the stadium? Answer Choices: (A) concert (B) bedroom (C) make person sick (D) building (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the heavy metal band is performing at a stadium. This means that they are most likely having a concert. So, the answer is (A) concert. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Metal is taken from what which is pulled from the ground? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) instruments (C) ore (D) car (E) junkyard\nA: Let's think step by step. Metal is taken from what? It is taken from the ground. What is in the ground? Dirt, instruments, ore, cars, and junkyards are all found in the ground, but only one of these options is a source of metal. Do you know which one? It is ore. Ore is a type of rock that contains metal. So, the correct answer is (C) ore. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Metal is used to make what? Answer Choices: (A) junkyard (B) ore (C) instruments (D) metal fabrication shop (E) bowls\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that metal is a material. So, it cannot be used to make a place like a junkyard or a shop. Next, we know that metal is usually found in the form of ore, but it is not used to make ore. So, we can eliminate options A and B. Now, let's look at the remaining options. Metal can be used to make instruments, metal fabrication shops, and bowls. However, metal fabrication shops are places where metal is processed, not made. So, we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with options C and E. Metal can be used to make instruments like guitars, drums, and trumpets. It can also be used to make bowls, which are commonly used for eating or cooking. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) instruments and (E) bowls. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Why did the heavy metal band need electricity at the stadium? Answer Choices: (A) concert (B) bedroom (C) make person sick (D) building (E) church\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Stabbing to death of a person is what sort of way to die? Answer Choices: (A) pool of blood (B) gruesome (C) charming (D) being arrested (E) killing\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, the person is stabbed to death. This means that they are killed by being stabbed with a sharp object. So, the answer cannot be (D) being arrested. Next, we can eliminate (C) charming because being stabbed to death is not a charming way to die. Now, we are left with (A) pool of blood, (B) gruesome, and (E) killing. Being stabbed to death would likely result in a pool of blood, so (A) is a possible answer. However, the word \"gruesome\" means causing horror or disgust, and being stabbed to death would certainly fit that description. Therefore, the best answer is (B) gruesome. (E) killing is not a way to die, but rather the act of causing someone's death. So, the correct answer is (B) gruesome. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: WHat type of keyboard is made up of one or more pipe divisions? Answer Choices: (A) killing (B) typewriter (C) office (D) terminal (E) organ\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A keyboard is a device that has keys for typing letters, numbers, and symbols. 2. A pipe division is a musical term that refers to a section of a pipe organ. 3. Therefore, the type of keyboard that is made up of one or more pipe divisions is an organ keyboard. So, the correct answer is (E) organ. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: In a horror movie victims usually trip when the run in order to do what in regards to the killer? Answer Choices: (A) frightened (B) run up stairs (C) get away from (D) go quickly (E) go faster\nA: Let's think step by step. In a horror movie, victims usually trip when they run. Why do they run? They run to get away from the killer. So, the answer is (C) get away from. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you want to kill someone you can do what to them with a gun? Answer Choices: (A) sip through (B) damnation (C) shoot (D) commit crime (E) eat breakfast\nA: Let's think step by step. If you want to kill someone, you can do what to them with a gun? Well, you can shoot them. So the correct answer is (C) shoot. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Stabbing to death of a person is what sort of way to die? Answer Choices: (A) pool of blood (B) gruesome (C) charming (D) being arrested (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person is stabbed to death. This means that they are killed by being stabbed with a sharp object. So, the answer cannot be (D) being arrested. Next, we can eliminate (C) charming because being stabbed to death is not a charming way to die. Now, we are left with (A) pool of blood, (B) gruesome, and (E) killing. Being stabbed to death would likely result in a pool of blood, so (A) is a possible answer. However, the word \"gruesome\" means causing horror or disgust, and being stabbed to death would certainly fit that description. Therefore, the best answer is (B) gruesome. (E) killing is not a way to die, but rather the act of causing someone's death. So, the correct answer is (B) gruesome. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person needs medical attention. So, he should go to a place where he can receive medical care. That rules out options A, D, and E. Next, he needs immediate help, so he should go to a place where he can get help quickly. That rules out option B. That leaves us with option C, hospital, as the best answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Lawyers often talk in front of an audience where? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) courtroom (C) office building (D) press charges (E) theatre\nA: Let's think step by step. Lawyers are professionals who represent clients in court. So, where do lawyers usually work? They work in a courtroom. So, the answer is (B) courtroom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would a corpse be covered by a blanket? Answer Choices: (A) bath store (B) bedroom (C) hospital (D) flower garden (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a corpse is a dead body. So, it would not be in a bath store or a flower garden. Next, it is not common for a corpse to be in a bedroom, unless it is a crime scene. That leaves us with the most likely answer, which is (C) hospital. In a hospital, a corpse may be covered by a blanket in a morgue or in a patient's room before being taken to the morgue. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Stabbing to death of a person is what sort of way to die? Answer Choices: (A) pool of blood (B) gruesome (C) charming (D) being arrested (E) killing\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: His parents thought he was suffering from boredom, but the teen loved to lay in bed and just do what? Answer Choices: (A) meet interesting people (B) lift weights (C) listen to music (D) play chess (E) entertain\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The teen loves to lay in bed and do something. What are some things that you can do while laying in bed? You can meet interesting people, lift weights, listen to music, play chess, or entertain. Out of these options, which one do you think is the most likely for a teen to do while laying in bed? It's probably not lifting weights or meeting interesting people, as those activities require more physical movement. It's also unlikely that the teen is entertaining others while laying in bed. That leaves us with listening to music or play chess. While both are possible, listening to music seems like a more common and relaxing activity for a teen to do while laying in bed. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) listen to music. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: There was a long cottage somewhere.  People thought it was haunted.  It was overgrown, there was nothing near it.  It's was far into the what? Answer Choices: (A) mountains (B) countryside (C) train (D) painting (E) village\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that there is a long cottage somewhere. Next, we know that people think it is haunted. Then, we know that it is overgrown and there is nothing near it. Finally, we are given a clue that it is far into something. Based on the context, the most logical answer would be (B) countryside. The other options do not fit with the description of the cottage being overgrown and isolated. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: People do many things to alleviate boredom.  If you can't get out of the house you might decide to do what? Answer Choices: (A) play cards (B) skateboard (C) meet interesting people (D) listen to music (E) go to a concert\nA: Let's think step by step. If you can't get out of the house, that means you are stuck inside. So, you can't go to a concert or meet interesting people because those activities require you to leave the house. Skateboarding also requires you to leave the house, so that's not the answer either. Playing cards and listening to music are both activities that can be done inside the house, so those are possible answers. However, playing cards might require more than one person, so if you are alone, listening to music might be the better option. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to music. The answer is D.\n\nQ: His parents thought he was suffering from boredom, but the teen loved to lay in bed and just do what? Answer Choices: (A) meet interesting people (B) lift weights (C) listen to music (D) play chess (E) entertain\nA: Let's think step by step. The teen loves to lay in bed and do something. What are some things that you can do while laying in bed? You can meet interesting people, lift weights, listen to music, play chess, or entertain. Out of these options, which one do you think is the most likely for a teen to do while laying in bed? It's probably not lifting weights or meeting interesting people, as those activities require more physical movement. It's also unlikely that the teen is entertaining others while laying in bed. That leaves us with listening to music or playing chess. While both are possible, listening to music seems like a more common and relaxing activity for a teen to do while laying in bed. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) listen to music. The answer is C.\n\nQ: It was a long trip from the farm, so he stayed in a hotel when he arrived at the what? Answer Choices: (A) bed away from home (B) wwii bunker (C) resort (D) las vegas (E) city\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he was on a farm. Then, he took a trip. Finally, he arrived at a place where he stayed. What kind of place would he stay at after a long trip? A hotel! So, the correct answer is (E) city. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The teacher played on the upright piano, she was explaining the song to all the students in the what? Answer Choices: (A) music room (B) bathroom (C) house (D) living room (E) music store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the teacher is playing on an upright piano. This suggests that she is in a room with a piano, so we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Next, she is explaining the song to all the students. This suggests that she is in a room with students, so we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with option A, the music room, as the most likely answer. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The tiger was stuck in what animal prison where he got lazy and fat? Answer Choices: (A) jungle (B) zoo (C) kill (D) india (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the tiger was stuck in an animal prison. This means that he was not free to roam around and do as he pleased. Next, we know that he got lazy and fat. This suggests that he was not getting enough exercise and was probably being overfed. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) jungle doesn't make sense because a jungle is a natural habitat for a tiger and he wouldn't be stuck there. (D) India also doesn't make sense because it is a country and not a place where a tiger would be stuck. (E) Eat cake is not a place or a type of prison. This leaves us with (B) zoo and (C) kill. (C) Kill doesn't make sense because it is not a place and it doesn't fit with the context of the sentence. This leaves us with (B) zoo as the correct answer. A zoo is a type of animal prison where animals are kept in captivity for people to come and see. In this case, the tiger got lazy and fat because he was not able to hunt and roam freely like he would in the wild. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) zoo. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: His parents thought he was suffering from boredom, but the teen loved to lay in bed and just do what? Answer Choices: (A) meet interesting people (B) lift weights (C) listen to music (D) play chess (E) entertain\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: How is a child eager to be going to play likely to get there? Answer Choices: (A) slowly (B) rush (C) being entertained (D) have fun (E) enjoyment\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, the child is eager to play. This means that the child is excited and can't wait to start playing. Next, the question asks how the child is likely to get there. This means that we need to think about how the child will physically get to the place where they will play. The answer choices are (A) slowly, (B) rush, (C) being entertained, (D) have fun, and (E) enjoyment. Out of these choices, the best answer is (B) rush. This is because if the child is eager to play, they will most likely want to get there quickly so they can start having fun. They may even run or move quickly to get there faster. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The child may have fun and enjoy themselves once they get there, but that is not related to how they physically get there. Being entertained also does not make sense because the child is not being entertained while they are on their way to play. Finally, slowly does not make sense because the child is eager and excited, so they would not want to move slowly. Therefore, the best answer is (B) rush. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why is it hard for a young child to read a long book? Answer Choices: (A) knowledge (B) cover (C) no pictures (D) past (E) many words\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what makes reading a long book difficult for a young child. Is it because they don't have enough knowledge? No, that can't be it. Children are constantly learning and absorbing new information. Is it because of the cover of the book? No, that doesn't make sense either. The cover of a book doesn't affect a child's ability to read it. Is it because there are no pictures? Yes, that could be a factor. Pictures can help young children understand and engage with the story. Is it because of the past? No, that doesn't seem relevant. Finally, is it because there are too many words? Yes, that is a likely reason. Young children may struggle with reading long books because they are still building their reading skills and may become overwhelmed by a large amount of text. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) many words. The answer is E.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: How is a child eager to be going to play likely to get there? Answer Choices: (A) slowly (B) rush (C) being entertained (D) have fun (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the child is eager to play. This means that the child is excited and can't wait to start playing. Next, the question asks how the child is likely to get there. This means that we need to think about how the child will physically get to the place where they will play. The answer choices are (A) slowly, (B) rush, (C) being entertained, (D) have fun, and (E) enjoyment. Out of these choices, the best answer is (B) rush. This is because if the child is eager to play, they will most likely want to get there quickly so they can start having fun. They may even run or move quickly to get there faster. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The child may have fun and enjoy themselves once they get there, but that is not related to how they physically get there. Being entertained also does not make sense because the child is not being entertained while they are on their way to play. Finally, slowly does not make sense because the child is eager and excited, so they would not want to move slowly. Therefore, the best answer is (B) rush. The answer is B.\n\nQ: People do many things to alleviate boredom.  If you can't get out of the house you might decide to do what? Answer Choices: (A) play cards (B) skateboard (C) meet interesting people (D) listen to music (E) go to a concert\nA: Let's think step by step. If you can't get out of the house, that means you are stuck inside. So, you can't go to a concert or meet interesting people because those activities require you to leave the house. Skateboarding also requires you to leave the house, so that's not the answer either. Playing cards and listening to music are both activities that can be done inside the house, so those are possible answers. However, playing cards might require more than one person, so if you are alone, listening to music might be the better option. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to music. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The child was politely waiting for dessert, he was eventually rewarded for his what? Answer Choices: (A) timing (B) expenditure of time (C) getting bored (D) anger (E) patience\nA: Let's think step by step. The child was waiting for dessert. He was waiting for a reward. What did he do while waiting? He was polite. He was not getting angry or bored. He was waiting patiently. So, the correct answer is (E) patience. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where do play a game for money? Answer Choices: (A) casino (B) football ground (C) ballpark (D) family room (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where people can play games for money. A toy store (E) is not a good option because it is a place where people buy toys, not play games for money. A family room (D) is also not a good option because it is usually a private space in someone's home, not a public place for playing games. A football ground (B) and a ballpark (C) are both places where people can play sports, but not necessarily for money. That leaves us with option (A) casino, which is a place specifically designed for gambling and playing games for money. So the correct answer is (A) casino. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: How is a child eager to be going to play likely to get there? Answer Choices: (A) slowly (B) rush (C) being entertained (D) have fun (E) enjoyment\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Why would you not trust your friends after chatting with friends? Answer Choices: (A) fever (B) smoke (C) laughing (D) coughing (E) lie\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we are chatting with friends. This means we are having a conversation with them, most likely through messaging or social media. Now, why would we not trust our friends after chatting with them? One possible reason could be that they lied to us during the conversation. So, the correct answer would be (E) lie. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: What may I place the telephone on? Answer Choices: (A) bar (B) friend's house (C) desktop (D) party (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where we can place the telephone. The options given are: bar, friend's house, desktop, party, and office. Out of these options, the most suitable place to place a telephone would be a desktop. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) desktop. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is a very unlikely side effect of becoming inebriated? Answer Choices: (A) fights (B) drunkenness (C) staggering (D) puke (E) paralysis\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what does it mean to become inebriated? It means to become drunk or intoxicated. Next, what are some common side effects of becoming inebriated? Fights, drunkenness, staggering, and puking are all common side effects of becoming inebriated. Finally, what is a very unlikely side effect? Paralysis is a very unlikely side effect of becoming inebriated. It is not a common or expected side effect of being drunk. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) paralysis. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Why would you not trust your friends after chatting with friends? Answer Choices: (A) fever (B) smoke (C) laughing (D) coughing (E) lie\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we are chatting with friends. This means we are having a conversation with them, most likely through messaging or social media. Now, why would we not trust our friends after chatting with them? One possible reason could be that they lied to us during the conversation. So, the correct answer would be (E) lie. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man had a fear of illness, so he never visited friends who were a what? Answer Choices: (A) sick person (B) hospital (C) elderly person (D) graveyard (E) doctor's office\nA: Let's think step by step. The man had a fear of illness. So, he never visited friends who were a what? This means that the man was afraid of getting sick, so he avoided visiting people or places that could potentially make him sick. Out of the answer choices, the best option would be (A) sick person, as visiting a sick person could increase his chances of getting sick. The other options do not necessarily involve being in close contact with someone who is sick. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find an office worker gossiping with their colleagues? Answer Choices: (A) water cooler (B) space shuttle (C) baby shower (D) bus stop (E) family\nA: Let's think step by step. An office worker is someone who works in an office. Gossiping is talking about other people's personal lives or rumors. Colleagues are people who work together. So, where would an office worker gossip with their colleagues? The most likely answer is (A) water cooler. The water cooler is a common area in an office where people gather to get water and take breaks. It is a popular spot for office workers to chat and catch up with their colleagues. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The gimmicky low brow TV show was about animals when they what? Answer Choices: (A) sick (B) mammals (C) males (D) bite (E) attack\nA: Let's think step by step. The show is about animals. What do animals do? They can get sick, but that doesn't make sense in the context of a TV show. They can be mammals, but that's not really a \"gimmick.\" They can be males, but that doesn't really make sense either. They can bite, but that's not really a \"gimmick\" either. So the answer must be E) attack. The show is probably about animals attacking people or other animals in some way. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Why would you not trust your friends after chatting with friends? Answer Choices: (A) fever (B) smoke (C) laughing (D) coughing (E) lie\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What does a person do when they feel dirty? Answer Choices: (A) feel lucky (B) cross street (C) wash themselves (D) eat (E) wonder what happened\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. When a person feels dirty, they may first (E) wonder what happened. Then, they may (B) cross the street to avoid getting any dirtier. Next, they may (D) eat something to distract themselves from the feeling. However, the most logical and common response would be to (C) wash themselves to get rid of the dirt. So, the correct answer is (C) wash themselves. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What will a person going for a jog likely be wearing? Answer Choices: (A) grope (B) acknowledgment (C) comfortable clothes (D) ipod (E) passionate kisses\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a person is going for a jog. This means they will be doing some physical activity, so they will likely want to wear comfortable clothes. This eliminates options A, B, and E. Next, we can assume that they may want to listen to music while they jog, so they may have an iPod with them. This leaves us with option D. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) iPod. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What does a person do when they feel dirty? Answer Choices: (A) feel lucky (B) cross street (C) wash themselves (D) eat (E) wonder what happened\nA: Let's think step by step. When a person feels dirty, they may first (E) wonder what happened. Then, they may (B) cross the street to avoid getting any dirtier. Next, they may (D) eat something to distract themselves from the feeling. However, the most logical and common response would be to (C) wash themselves to get rid of the dirt. So, the correct answer is (C) wash themselves. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The smelly man was having a bath, but what is he pursuing? Answer Choices: (A) hydration (B) being clear (C) personal cleanliness (D) will drown (E) use of water\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is having a bath, which means he is using water. The question asks what he is pursuing, which means what is his goal or intention. So, what is the purpose of using water in this situation? It is most likely for personal cleanliness, as taking a bath is a common way to clean oneself. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) personal cleanliness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where does a maid empty a trash can? Answer Choices: (A) bus stop (B) corner (C) hockey game (D) motel (E) alley\nA: Let's think step by step. A maid is someone who cleans and maintains a house or hotel. So, where would a maid be working? A motel! And where would a trash can be located in a motel? In the room or in the hallway. So, where would a maid empty a trash can? In the motel! The correct answer is (D) motel. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The business men left the discussion in the dressing room, now they just wanted to relax in the sauna of the what? Answer Choices: (A) brush hair (B) theater (C) house (D) dwelling (E) bathhouse\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the business men left the discussion in the dressing room. Then, they wanted to relax. So, what kind of place would they go to relax? The answer choices are: brush hair, theater, house, dwelling, and bathhouse. Out of these options, the most likely place for them to relax would be a bathhouse. So, the answer is (E) bathhouse. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: To get clean clothes you to what to them? Answer Choices: (A) get dirty (B) writing (C) use water (D) launder (E) soap\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to put your dirty clothes in the washing machine. Then, you need to add soap or detergent to the machine. Next, you need to turn on the machine and let it fill with water. After that, you need to select the appropriate cycle and let the machine do its job. Finally, when the cycle is finished, you need to take out your clean clothes and put them in the dryer or hang them to dry. So, to get clean clothes, you need to launder them. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) launder. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does a person do when they feel dirty? Answer Choices: (A) feel lucky (B) cross street (C) wash themselves (D) eat (E) wonder what happened\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The man in the white suit was very lazy.  He did nothing useful.  Meanwhile, the ban in the blue had put in effort and was very what? Answer Choices: (A) restless (B) active (C) lazybutt (D) productive (E) hard work\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The man in the white suit was very lazy. He did nothing useful. Meanwhile, the man in the blue suit was very what? The sentence mentions that the man in the blue suit put in effort, which suggests that he was not lazy. The word \"productive\" means achieving a lot or producing a lot. This fits with the context of the sentence, so the correct answer is (D) productive. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: After the weight cut he was worried about his energy levels, but this was part of participating in a what? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) wrestle (C) play sports (D) matter (E) sleep\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he was worried about his energy levels. Why? Because of the weight cut. What is a weight cut? It is a process of losing weight quickly in order to meet a certain weight requirement for a competition. So, what is the competition he is participating in? It is a wrestling competition. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) wrestle. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you partied all night you could find yourself already what, even when just beginning work? Answer Choices: (A) getting tired (B) working (C) procrastination (D) jumping (E) sitting down\nA: Let's think step by step. If you partied all night, you would probably be tired. So, the answer is (A) getting tired. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Blue read material outside of his comfort zone because he wanted to gain what? Answer Choices: (A) new perspective (B) entertained (C) understanding (D) hunger (E) tired eyes\nA: Let's think step by step. Blue read material outside of his comfort zone. Why? Because he wanted to gain something. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (B) entertained, (D) hunger, and (E) tired eyes don't make sense in this context. Blue is reading something new, so he wouldn't be hungry or tired. And he's not reading for entertainment, he's reading for a purpose. So that leaves us with (A) new perspective and (C) understanding. Both of these could make sense in this context, but (A) new perspective is the better answer because it directly relates to reading something outside of one's comfort zone. So the correct answer is (A) new perspective. The answer is A.\n\nQ: There was more than one bum asking for change or a ticket, it was the cheapest way to travel so it was no surprise sight at the what? Answer Choices: (A) train station (B) beach (C) bus depot (D) bridge (E) stumblebum\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The sentence mentions \"the cheapest way to travel,\" which suggests that the location is a transportation hub. 2. The sentence also mentions \"asking for change or a ticket,\" which suggests that the location is a place where people can buy tickets or board a mode of transportation. 3. The sentence mentions \"more than one bum,\" which suggests that the location is a public place where people can gather. 4. Putting all of these clues together, the most likely answer is (C) bus depot. This is a place where people can buy bus tickets and board buses, it is a transportation hub, and it is a public place where people can gather. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The hostess greeted the employees to the program, she then led them to their what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) welcome guests (C) occupations (D) work room (E) seat customer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the hostess greeted the employees. Then, she led them to their...what? The answer choices are (A) group people, (B) welcome guests, (C) occupations, (D) work room, and (E) seat customer. Based on the context, it is most likely that the hostess led the employees to their work room. This is where they will be working during the program. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) work room. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The tiger was stuck in what animal prison where he got lazy and fat? Answer Choices: (A) jungle (B) zoo (C) kill (D) india (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the tiger was stuck in an animal prison. This means that he was not free to roam around and do as he pleased. Next, we know that he got lazy and fat. This suggests that he was not getting enough exercise and was probably being overfed. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) jungle doesn't make sense because a jungle is a natural habitat for a tiger and he wouldn't be stuck there. (D) India also doesn't make sense because it is a country and not a place where a tiger would be stuck. (E) Eat cake is not a place or a type of prison. This leaves us with (B) zoo and (C) kill. (C) Kill doesn't make sense because it is not a place and it doesn't fit with the context of the sentence. This leaves us with (B) zoo as the correct answer. A zoo is a type of animal prison where animals are kept in captivity for people to come and see. In this case, the tiger got lazy and fat because he was not able to hunt and roam freely like he would in the wild. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) zoo. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The man in the white suit was very lazy.  He did nothing useful.  Meanwhile, the ban in the blue had put in effort and was very what? Answer Choices: (A) restless (B) active (C) lazybutt (D) productive (E) hard work\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The flower grew tall to compete for sunlight, what did its neighbor do? Answer Choices: (A) blossom (B) park (C) open (D) cast shadow (E) vase\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The flower grew tall to compete for sunlight. This means that the flower needed sunlight to survive and grow. So, its neighbor must have done something to block the sunlight. Out of the given answer choices, only \"cast shadow\" makes sense in this context. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cast shadow. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The flower grew tall to compete for sunlight, what did its neighbor do? Answer Choices: (A) blossom (B) park (C) open (D) cast shadow (E) vase\nA: Let's think step by step. The flower grew tall to compete for sunlight. This means that the flower needed sunlight to survive and grow. So, its neighbor must have done something to block the sunlight. Out of the given answer choices, only \"cast shadow\" makes sense in this context. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cast shadow. The answer is D.\n\nQ: They were hoping their campaign would create a rise in awareness of the problem and hopefully do what to its effect? Answer Choices: (A) set (B) fall (C) park (D) descend (E) reduce\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The campaign would create a rise in awareness of the problem. This means that more people would become aware of the problem. 2. The effect of this rise in awareness would hopefully do something. 3. What would they hope for the effect to do? They would hope for the effect to reduce the problem. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) reduce. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the sun ultimately responsible for? Answer Choices: (A) earth warming (B) sun tan (C) light (D) life on earth (E) heat\nA: Let's think step by step. The sun is a star that is located at the center of our solar system. It is a massive, glowing sphere of hot gas that provides light and heat to the planets in our solar system. So, the sun is responsible for providing light and heat to the Earth. This light and heat are essential for the survival of life on Earth. Therefore, the sun is ultimately responsible for life on Earth. So, the correct answer is (D) life on earth. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The poor girls needed a light to see, what was the relationship between that light and finishing her homework? Answer Choices: (A) darkness (B) cumbersome (C) obesity (D) forceful (E) crucial\nA: Let's think step by step. The poor girls needed a light to see. Why did they need a light? Because they couldn't see in the darkness. So, the answer is (A) darkness. Now, what was the relationship between that light and finishing her homework? The light was crucial in helping the girls finish their homework. So, the answer is (E) crucial. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you need to use a lantern? Answer Choices: (A) grocery store (B) antique shop (C) house (D) dark place (E) street\nA: Let's think step by step. A lantern is a portable light source that typically uses a fuel source, such as oil or gas, to produce light. It is often used in situations where there is no electricity or in areas with limited lighting. Based on this information, we can eliminate options A, B, and C as they are all places that typically have electricity and lighting. This leaves us with options D and E. A dark place, such as a cave or a basement, would require a lantern to provide light. However, a street may also require a lantern if there are no streetlights or if there is a power outage. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) dark place or (E) street. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The place where my linen closet is really needs repainting a light color as it only has one overhead light. Answer Choices: (A) house (B) home (C) pool house (D) hallway (E) bedroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is where the linen closet is located. This suggests that it is likely a smaller, enclosed space. Next, we know that it needs repainting, so it is likely a room or area that has walls. Finally, we know that it only has one overhead light, which suggests that it may not have many windows or natural light sources. Based on these clues, the best answer is likely (D) hallway. A hallway is a smaller, enclosed space with walls that may not have many windows or natural light sources. It is also a common area in a house that may need repainting. (E) bedroom could also be a possible answer, but it is less likely as bedrooms typically have more than one light source and may not be as in need of repainting as a hallway. (A) house and (B) home are too broad and do not specifically refer to a smaller, enclosed space. (C) pool house is also too specific and does not fit the clues given. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does the sky do before a rain? Answer Choices: (A) appear beautiful (B) appear blue (C) shows a rainbow (D) rain water (E) cloud over\nA: Let's think step by step. Before a rain, the sky does not appear beautiful because it is usually cloudy and gray. It also does not appear blue because the clouds cover the sky. A rainbow can sometimes appear after a rain, but not before. Rain water does not affect the appearance of the sky. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) cloud over. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you really wanted a grape, where would you go to get it? Answer Choices: (A) winery (B) fruit stand (C) field (D) kitchen (E) food\nA: Let's think step by step. First, grapes are a type of fruit, so we can eliminate options (A) winery and (D) kitchen. Next, grapes are typically grown in fields, so option (C) field seems like a good choice. However, we can also find grapes at a fruit stand, so option (B) fruit stand is also a possible answer. Finally, option (E) food is too broad and does not specifically mention grapes, so we can eliminate it as well. Therefore, the best answer would be either (B) fruit stand or (C) field. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The flower grew tall to compete for sunlight, what did its neighbor do? Answer Choices: (A) blossom (B) park (C) open (D) cast shadow (E) vase\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The rats were hiding in the house, where were they? Answer Choices: (A) sewers (B) laboratory (C) basement (D) clinic (E) cellar\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The sentence says \"The rats were hiding in the house\". This means that the rats were inside the house, not outside. Out of the given options, the most likely place for rats to hide inside a house is the (C) basement or the (E) cellar. These are both underground areas that are commonly used for storage and can provide shelter for rats. The other options, such as (A) sewers, (B) laboratory, and (D) clinic, are not typically found inside a house. Therefore, the correct answer is either (C) basement or (E) cellar. The answer is C or E.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: What room would you find many bookcases and is used for contemplation? Answer Choices: (A) study (B) house (C) homw (D) kitchen (E) den\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The first clue is \"many bookcases\". This suggests that the room is likely to be a place for storing and reading books. 2. The second clue is \"contemplation\". This means that the room is used for quiet thinking and reflection. 3. Putting these clues together, the answer is most likely (A) study, as this is a room specifically designed for reading, studying, and quiet contemplation. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where outside of a city would a squirrel live? Answer Choices: (A) roof (B) inside home (C) forest (D) yard (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. A squirrel is a small animal that likes to climb trees and gather nuts. It needs a place that is safe and has access to food. Based on these clues, the best answer would be (C) forest. Squirrels are commonly found in forests, where they can easily climb trees and find food. The other options, such as (A) roof, (B) inside home, (D) yard, and (E) park, may not provide the same level of safety and access to food for a squirrel. The answer is C.\n\nQ: To get out of there the person had to keep on walking, they had to keep on what? Answer Choices: (A) moving forward (B) locomotion (C) blisters (D) rollerskate (E) exercise\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person had to keep on walking. Then, what did they have to do? They had to keep on moving forward. So, the correct answer is (A) moving forward. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What can disease destroy? Answer Choices: (A) rug (B) third world country (C) human body (D) hospital (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's define what a disease is. A disease is a disorder or abnormal condition that affects the body of an organism, causing specific symptoms or impairments. Now, let's think about what a disease can destroy. Since a disease affects the body, it can potentially destroy the human body. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) human body. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Bob's only light source was a small bulb.  There were four walls, if there was a door he couldn't see it.  What was Bob in? Answer Choices: (A) closed room (B) sky (C) dard (D) his grave (E) house\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Bob's only light source was a small bulb. This means that the room is dark and the only light is coming from the small bulb. 2. There were four walls. This means that Bob is in an enclosed space with four walls around him. 3. If there was a door he couldn't see it. This means that there is a possibility of a door, but it is not visible to Bob. Based on these clues, we can conclude that Bob is in a closed room. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) closed room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where is a doormat likely to be in front of? Answer Choices: (A) facade (B) front door (C) doorway (D) entrance porch (E) hallway\nA: Let's think step by step. A doormat is a mat that is placed in front of a door. So, where is a door usually located? A door is usually located at the entrance of a building or a room. So, a doormat is likely to be in front of the entrance, which is usually the front door. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) front door. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The carpet was smelly and discouraged the league from playing there, where was this smelly carpet installed? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) movie theater (C) bowling alley (D) church (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. The league was discouraged from playing there because of the smelly carpet. So, the carpet was installed in a place where people play. Out of the given options, the most likely place where people play is a bowling alley. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) bowling alley. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you expect to find white mice? Answer Choices: (A) bell cat (B) bush (C) attic (D) countryside (E) laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. White mice are commonly used in scientific research, so we can eliminate options (A) and (B) as they do not seem like places where mice would be used for research. Option (C) is a possibility, as mice could potentially find their way into an attic. However, the most likely answer is (E) laboratory, as this is where white mice are specifically bred and kept for research purposes. Option (D) countryside is also a possibility, as mice can be found in many different environments, but it is not as specific as (E) laboratory. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) laboratory. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Though a mouse might prefer your house, you might also see him where? Answer Choices: (A) tin (B) department store (C) garden (D) small hole (E) cupboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the sentence says \"Though a mouse might prefer your house\". This means that the mouse would rather be in your house than somewhere else. Next, the sentence says \"you might also see him where?\" This means that the mouse could be seen in other places besides your house. So, the correct answer would be (C) garden, (D) small hole, or (E) cupboard. These are all places where a mouse could potentially be seen. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The rats were hiding in the house, where were they? Answer Choices: (A) sewers (B) laboratory (C) basement (D) clinic (E) cellar\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, the person needs medical attention. So, he should go to a place where he can receive medical care. That rules out options A, D, and E. Next, he needs immediate help, so he should go to a place where he can get help quickly. That rules out option B. That leaves us with option C, hospital, as the best answer. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He wanted to live somewhere were every yard was uniform in size and landscaping, where should he look for a house? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) three feet (C) subdivision (D) parking garage (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wants to live somewhere where every yard is uniform in size and landscaping. This means that all the yards should be the same size and have the same type of landscaping. This is most likely to be found in a subdivision, where all the houses are built by the same developer and have similar features. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) subdivision. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The man started to learn jogging, what was he hoping to do? Answer Choices: (A) exhaustion (B) getting in shape (C) fitness (D) injure himself (E) fatigue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man started to learn jogging. This means he is trying to learn how to jog. Why would someone want to learn how to jog? Jogging is a form of exercise, so perhaps he wants to exercise. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) exhaustion and (E) fatigue both mean being very tired, so these are not the correct answers. (D) injure himself is the opposite of what someone would want to do when learning a new activity, so this is not the correct answer either. This leaves us with (B) getting in shape and (C) fitness. Both of these answers are related to improving one's physical health and well-being, which is a common reason for starting to jog. However, (B) getting in shape is a more specific and direct answer, so it is the best choice. Therefore, the man was hoping to get in shape by learning how to jog. The answer is B.\n\nQ: How are the conditions for someone who is living in a homeless shelter? Answer Choices: (A) sometimes bad (B) happy (C) respiration (D) growing older (E) death\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person is living in a homeless shelter, which means they do not have a permanent home. This can be a difficult and uncertain situation, so we can eliminate answer choices (B) happy and (D) growing older. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (E) death because the person is still alive and living in a shelter. This leaves us with answer choices (A) sometimes bad and (C) respiration. While we cannot definitively say that the conditions are always bad, we can assume that they are not ideal and may be difficult at times. Therefore, the best answer choice is (A) sometimes bad. Answer choice (C) respiration does not make sense in this context and can be eliminated. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The man had a fear of illness, so he never visited friends who were a what? Answer Choices: (A) sick person (B) hospital (C) elderly person (D) graveyard (E) doctor's office\nA: Let's think step by step. The man had a fear of illness. So, he never visited friends who were a what? This means that the man was afraid of getting sick, so he avoided visiting people or places that could potentially make him sick. Out of the answer choices, the best option would be (A) sick person, as visiting a sick person could increase his chances of getting sick. The other options do not necessarily involve being in close contact with someone who is sick. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person needs medical attention. So, he should go to a place where he can receive medical care. That rules out options A, D, and E. Next, he needs immediate help, so he should go to a place where he can get help quickly. That rules out option B. That leaves us with option C, hospital, as the best answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Joe is a  squirrel, which is an animal. He probably lives in what sort of place. Answer Choices: (A) pet store (B) outside (C) woodland (D) ocean (E) cafe\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joe is a squirrel, which is an animal. So, we can eliminate options (A) pet store and (E) cafe, as these are not natural habitats for animals. Next, we know that squirrels are typically found in trees and are known for gathering and storing nuts. This leads us to the most likely answer, (C) woodland, as this is a type of forest or wooded area where trees and nuts can be found. Option (B) outside is a bit too general and could refer to any outdoor location, so it is not as specific as (C) woodland. Option (D) ocean is also not a suitable answer, as squirrels are land animals and do not live in water. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) woodland. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The janitor never had much to clean after services, but there was still always a paper or two to pick up where? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) front porch (C) classroom (D) obesity (E) grocery store\nA: Let's think step by step. The janitor is cleaning after services, so we can eliminate options (D) and (E) because they are not related to services. The janitor is also picking up papers, so we can eliminate option (B) because it mentions a front porch. This leaves us with options (A) and (C). Since the janitor is cleaning after services, it is most likely that the papers are found in the place where the services took place. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) synagogue. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where does one store fabric in their own home? Answer Choices: (A) sewing room (B) clothing store (C) tailor shop (D) clothes store (E) cotton mill\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine what fabric is used for. Fabric is used to make clothing, linens, and other household items. So, it would make sense to store fabric in a place where these items are made or sold. A sewing room would be the most logical choice, as it is a designated space for sewing and creating items with fabric. A tailor shop or clothing store may also store fabric, but it would likely be in a designated storage area rather than on display. A cotton mill would not be a suitable place to store fabric, as it is a manufacturing facility and not a retail or personal space. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) sewing room. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is a good place to store pamphlets in your home or office? Answer Choices: (A) library (B) health department (C) mail box (D) drawer (E) bookstore\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine what type of pamphlets we are talking about. If they are informational pamphlets, then the best place to store them would be in a drawer or a designated filing cabinet. This will keep them organized and easily accessible when needed. If the pamphlets are related to health or medical information, then storing them in a designated folder or binder in a health department or doctor's office would be a good idea. If the pamphlets are related to books or literature, then a bookstore or library would be a suitable place to store them. A mailbox would not be a good place to store pamphlets as they could easily get lost or damaged. So, the best answer would be (D) drawer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time? Answer Choices: (A) shelter (B) floor (C) warm place (D) farmhouse (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the kitten's mother is a mouser, meaning she is good at catching mice. Next, we know that the kitten is going to grow up to be a mouser like its mother. So, where would the kitten need to spend most of its time in order to learn how to be a good mouser? The best answer would be (D) farmhouse, as this is where the mother would most likely be catching mice and the kitten could observe and learn from her. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What will a person going for a jog likely be wearing? Answer Choices: (A) grope (B) acknowledgment (C) comfortable clothes (D) ipod (E) passionate kisses\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a person is going for a jog. This means they will be doing some physical activity, so they will likely want to wear comfortable clothes. This eliminates options A, B, and E. Next, we can assume that they may want to listen to music while they jog, so they may have an iPod with them. This leaves us with option D. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) iPod. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do people want to acquire from opening business? Answer Choices: (A) home (B) wealth (C) bankruptcy (D) lose money (E) get rich\nA: Let's think step by step. People open businesses to make money, so they would want to acquire wealth. They would not want to acquire bankruptcy or lose money, as those are negative outcomes. They may want to acquire a home as a result of their business success, but that is not the main goal. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) wealth. Some people may also want to get rich, so (E) get rich could also be a correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What kind of place has a revolving door and has things to buy in it? Answer Choices: (A) new york (B) public place (C) bank (D) mall (E) supermarket door\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place has a revolving door. This eliminates options (A) and (E) because they do not have revolving doors. Next, we know that the place has things to buy in it. This eliminates option (B) because it does not specify a specific type of place. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). Both banks and malls have revolving doors and things to buy in them. However, a bank typically only has a few items for sale, such as financial services or basic office supplies. A mall, on the other hand, has a wide variety of stores and products for sale. Therefore, the most likely answer is (D) mall. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you acquire a wind instrument for you own use? Answer Choices: (A) band practice (B) concert (C) music store (D) symphony (E) music room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to find a place that sells wind instruments. This rules out options A, B, and D. Next, you need to find a place that specifically sells instruments for personal use, rather than for a performance or practice setting. This rules out option E. This leaves us with option C, a music store, as the most likely place to acquire a wind instrument for personal use. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would one find a snake in a cage? Answer Choices: (A) tropical forest (B) oregon (C) woods (D) pet store (E) louisiana\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the snake is in a cage, so it is not in the wild. This eliminates options A, B, and C. Next, we know that the snake is in a cage, so it is likely being kept as a pet. This leaves us with option D, pet store, as the most likely answer. Option E, Louisiana, is also a possible answer as there may be snakes in cages at a zoo or animal sanctuary in Louisiana. However, without more context, it is difficult to determine which answer is the most correct. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where does one store fabric in their own home? Answer Choices: (A) sewing room (B) clothing store (C) tailor shop (D) clothes store (E) cotton mill\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine what fabric is used for. Fabric is used to make clothing, linens, and other household items. So, it would make sense to store fabric in a place where these items are made or sold. A sewing room would be the most logical choice, as it is a designated space for sewing and creating items with fabric. A tailor shop or clothing store may also store fabric, but it would likely be in a designated storage area rather than on display. A cotton mill would not be a suitable place to store fabric, as it is a manufacturing facility and not a retail or personal space. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) sewing room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where does one store fabric in their own home? Answer Choices: (A) sewing room (B) clothing store (C) tailor shop (D) clothes store (E) cotton mill\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": "1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The person saw the mess his children made, what was his following reaction? Answer Choices: (A) smell smoke (B) cross street (C) cry (D) bank savings (E) look angry\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person saw the mess his children made. Then, what would be his immediate reaction? Would he smell smoke? No, because there is no mention of smoke in the sentence. Would he cross the street? No, because there is no mention of crossing the street in the sentence. Would he cry? No, because there is no mention of crying in the sentence. Would he bank savings? No, because there is no mention of banking savings in the sentence. So, the correct answer is (E) look angry. The person would most likely be angry at the mess his children made. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where is beer drank by people watching sticks and pucks? Answer Choices: (A) bottle (B) refrigerator (C) hockey game (D) casino (E) bar\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the people are watching \"sticks and pucks,\" which is a common way to refer to hockey. So, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not mention anything related to hockey. Next, we know that the people are drinking beer, so we can eliminate option (D) because casinos do not typically serve beer. This leaves us with options (C) and (E). However, since the question specifically mentions people watching hockey, the most likely answer is (C) hockey game. People often drink beer while watching sports games, and a hockey game would be the most appropriate setting for people watching sticks and pucks. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) hockey game. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where are  you likely to find a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) fast food restaurant (B) pizza (C) ground up dead cows (D) mouth (E) cow carcus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a hamburger is a type of food. So, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not related to food. Next, we know that a hamburger is a popular food item that is often served in restaurants. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is not a location. This leaves us with options (A) and (B). However, pizza is not typically associated with hamburgers, so the correct answer is (A) fast food restaurant. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you put a glass after drinking from it? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) water cooler (C) cabinet (D) dishwasher (E) dining room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would drink from the glass. Then, you would need to put it somewhere. Would you put it in the ocean? No, that doesn't make sense. Would you put it in the water cooler? No, that's not a logical place to put a used glass. Would you put it in the cabinet? That could be a possibility, but it's not the most common place to put a used glass. Would you put it in the dishwasher? Yes, that makes sense! The dishwasher is where you would put dirty dishes and glasses to be cleaned. Would you put it in the dining room? No, that's not a specific place to put a glass. So, the correct answer is (D) dishwasher. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Blue read material outside of his comfort zone because he wanted to gain what? Answer Choices: (A) new perspective (B) entertained (C) understanding (D) hunger (E) tired eyes\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Blue read material outside of his comfort zone. Why? Because he wanted to gain something. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (B) entertained, (D) hunger, and (E) tired eyes don't make sense in this context. Blue is reading something new, so he wouldn't be hungry or tired. And he's not reading for entertainment, he's reading for a purpose. So that leaves us with (A) new perspective and (C) understanding. Both of these could make sense in this context, but (A) new perspective is the better answer because it directly relates to reading something outside of one's comfort zone. So the correct answer is (A) new perspective. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why is it hard for a young child to read a long book? Answer Choices: (A) knowledge (B) cover (C) no pictures (D) past (E) many words\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what makes reading a long book difficult for a young child. Is it because they don't have enough knowledge? No, that can't be it. Children are constantly learning and absorbing new information. Is it because of the cover of the book? No, that doesn't make sense either. The cover of a book doesn't affect a child's ability to read it. Is it because there are no pictures? Yes, that could be a factor. Pictures can help young children understand and engage with the story. Is it because of the past? No, that doesn't seem relevant. Finally, is it because there are too many words? Yes, that is a likely reason. Young children may struggle with reading long books because they are still building their reading skills and may become overwhelmed by a large amount of text. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) many words. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The man started to learn jogging, what was he hoping to do? Answer Choices: (A) exhaustion (B) getting in shape (C) fitness (D) injure himself (E) fatigue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man started to learn jogging. This means he is trying to learn how to jog. Why would someone want to learn how to jog? Jogging is a form of exercise, so perhaps he wants to exercise. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) exhaustion and (E) fatigue both mean being very tired, so these are not the correct answers. (D) injure himself is the opposite of what someone would want to do when learning a new activity, so this is not the correct answer either. This leaves us with (B) getting in shape and (C) fitness. Both of these answers are related to improving one's physical health and well-being, which is a common reason for starting to jog. However, (B) getting in shape is a more specific and direct answer, so it is the best choice. Therefore, the man was hoping to get in shape by learning how to jog. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Blue read material outside of his comfort zone because he wanted to gain what? Answer Choices: (A) new perspective (B) entertained (C) understanding (D) hunger (E) tired eyes\nA: Let's think step by step. Blue read material outside of his comfort zone. Why? Because he wanted to gain something. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (B) entertained, (D) hunger, and (E) tired eyes don't make sense in this context. Blue is reading something new, so he wouldn't be hungry or tired. And he's not reading for entertainment, he's reading for a purpose. So that leaves us with (A) new perspective and (C) understanding. Both of these could make sense in this context, but (A) new perspective is the better answer because it directly relates to reading something outside of one's comfort zone. So the correct answer is (A) new perspective. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The trucker plopped on the bench with a sense of relief, where did he arrive? Answer Choices: (A) bordello (B) rest area (C) garden (D) bus stop (E) state park\nA: Let's think step by step. The trucker \"plopped on the bench\" - this suggests that he was tired and needed to rest. He also felt a \"sense of relief\" - this suggests that he was happy to have arrived at this place. So, where could he have arrived that would make him feel relieved and want to rest? A bordello (a brothel) is unlikely, as that would not be a place for rest. A garden is also unlikely, as it would not have a bench for him to sit on. A bus stop is possible, but it would not necessarily provide a sense of relief. A state park is also possible, but it would depend on the specific park and the trucker's experience there. The most likely answer is (B) rest area, as this is a designated place for travelers to stop and rest. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where is a monkey likely to enjoy being? Answer Choices: (A) banana tree (B) sailor suit (C) theatre (D) mulberry bush (E) research laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that monkeys are animals that live in the wild. They are not likely to enjoy being in a sailor suit or in a research laboratory. They may enjoy being in a theatre, but it is not a natural environment for them. That leaves us with two options: a banana tree or a mulberry bush. Monkeys are known to love eating bananas, so it is likely that they would enjoy being in a banana tree. However, they may also enjoy being in a mulberry bush, as they are known to eat a variety of fruits and berries. Therefore, the best answer is (A) banana tree or (D) mulberry bush. The answer is A.\n\nQ: They were getting ready for a really long hike, he put the food can in his what? Answer Choices: (A) cabinet (B) house (C) recycling center (D) backpack (E) make person sick\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they were getting ready for a really long hike. Then, he put the food can in his... what? It wouldn't make sense to put the food can in a cabinet or house, as they were preparing for a hike. It also wouldn't make sense to put it in a recycling center, as that is a place for recycling, not storing food. So, the most logical answer is (D) backpack, as they were getting ready for a hike and a backpack is a common item to bring on a hike to carry supplies. (E) make person sick is not a possible answer, as it is not a location or object. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Blue read material outside of his comfort zone because he wanted to gain what? Answer Choices: (A) new perspective (B) entertained (C) understanding (D) hunger (E) tired eyes\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The family wanted to adopt for enviro-ethical reasons, what did they abhor? Answer Choices: (A) orphan (B) biological child (C) give away (D) foster child (E) abandon\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, the family wanted to adopt for enviro-ethical reasons. This means that they wanted to adopt a child instead of having a biological child in order to reduce their impact on the environment. Next, we need to think about what they would abhor, or strongly dislike. The answer choices give us some options: orphan, biological child, give away, foster child, and abandon. Which of these options makes the most sense in this context? Well, if the family is choosing to adopt instead of having a biological child, they probably wouldn't abhor biological children. They also wouldn't abhor giving away a child, as that is essentially what they are doing by adopting. They also wouldn't abhor foster children, as they are still providing a home for a child in need. That leaves us with options (A) orphan and (E) abandon. Since the family is choosing to adopt a child, it is unlikely that they would abhor or strongly dislike orphans. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) abandon. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time? Answer Choices: (A) shelter (B) floor (C) warm place (D) farmhouse (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the kitten's mother is a mouser, meaning she is good at catching mice. Next, we know that the kitten is going to grow up to be a mouser like its mother. So, where would the kitten need to spend most of its time in order to learn how to be a good mouser? The best answer would be (D) farmhouse, as this is where the mother would most likely be catching mice and the kitten could observe and learn from her. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Children's behavior is a direct reflection of their what? Answer Choices: (A) parents (B) old people (C) play ball (D) many adults (E) grown ups\nA: Let's think step by step. Children's behavior is a direct reflection of their parents. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do you call the caretakers of a child? Answer Choices: (A) principal (B) birth (C) loving couple (D) act of sex (E) parents\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the caretakers are responsible for taking care of a child. This eliminates options (A) principal and (D) act of sex. Next, we know that the caretakers are related to the child in some way. This eliminates option (C) loving couple. Finally, we know that the caretakers are the ones who brought the child into the world. This leaves us with options (B) birth and (E) parents. However, option (B) birth does not accurately describe the relationship between the caretakers and the child. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) parents. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The church was giving assistance, what were they hoping to accomplish? Answer Choices: (A) exhilliration (B) hardship (C) risk taking (D) helping others (E) happiness\nA: Let's think step by step. The church was giving assistance. What does that mean? It means that the church was helping people in some way. So, what were they hoping to accomplish by helping people? They were hoping to achieve something. What could that be? Well, they could be hoping to achieve a lot of things, but let's look at the answer choices. Do you see any answer choice that could fit here? Yes, the answer choice (D) helping others could fit here. The church was giving assistance, so they were helping others. And by helping others, they were hoping to accomplish something. So, the correct answer is (D) helping others. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Many people wanted to leave their country estates for row houses, what did they need to move to? Answer Choices: (A) living less expensively (B) england (C) prison (D) city (E) town\nA: Let's think step by step. First, people wanted to leave their country estates. Why? Because they wanted to move to something else. What did they want to move to? The answer choices give us some options: living less expensively, England, prison, city, and town. Which of these options makes the most sense? Well, people who lived on country estates were often wealthy, so they probably weren't looking to live less expensively. They also probably weren't looking to move to prison. That leaves us with England, city, and town. Since the passage is talking about people moving from country estates to row houses, it makes sense that they would want to move to a city or town, where row houses were more common. So, the correct answer is (D) city. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If someone found out their brother was having a daughter, they would have to add a niece limb to the what? Answer Choices: (A) family picture book (B) family reunion (C) brother's house (D) family tree (E) baby shower\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person found out their brother was having a daughter. This means that the brother is going to have a daughter, making the person an aunt or uncle. So, the person would have to add a new family member to their family tree. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) family tree. The answer is D.\n\nQ: When wildlife reproduce we often refer to what comes out as what? Answer Choices: (A) raise children (B) have children (C) photo copy (D) offspring (E) accidently got pregnant somehow\nA: Let's think step by step. When wildlife reproduce, they are creating new life. This new life is often referred to as offspring. So, the answer is (D) offspring. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The family wanted to adopt for enviro-ethical reasons, what did they abhor? Answer Choices: (A) orphan (B) biological child (C) give away (D) foster child (E) abandon\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where would you find a basement that can be accessed with an elevator? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) closet (C) church (D) office building (E) own house\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. A basement is typically found in a building, not in a closet or a church. It is possible to have a basement in a house, but the question specifies that it can be accessed with an elevator. This means that the basement is likely located in a larger building, such as an office building. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) office building. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you sit in a chair while working toward an advanced degree? Answer Choices: (A) aeroport (B) church (C) furniture store (D) university (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that we are working toward an advanced degree. This means that we are studying and learning in order to earn a higher level of education. Next, we need to think about where we would typically study or attend classes while working toward an advanced degree. This would most likely be at a university, as universities are institutions of higher education where students can earn advanced degrees. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) university. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What would you do to a rock when climb up a cliff? Answer Choices: (A) grab (B) look down (C) throw (D) falling (E) may fall\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would grab onto the rock to help pull yourself up. Then, you might look down to check your progress or to see how far you have left to climb. You would not throw the rock, as that could be dangerous for anyone below you. Falling is a possibility, but hopefully you would not fall if you are properly secured with ropes and safety equipment. So, the best answer would be (A) grab. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When you slip from a ladder propped on anything what will you do? Answer Choices: (A) obesity (B) fall down (C) matter to (D) whatever (E) surprise\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you are on a ladder. Then, you slip. What happens next? You will most likely fall down. So, the correct answer is (B) fall down. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Bob's only light source was a small bulb.  There were four walls, if there was a door he couldn't see it.  What was Bob in? Answer Choices: (A) closed room (B) sky (C) dard (D) his grave (E) house\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Bob's only light source was a small bulb. This means that the room is dark and the only light is coming from the small bulb. 2. There were four walls. This means that Bob is in an enclosed space with four walls around him. 3. If there was a door he couldn't see it. This means that there is a possibility of a door, but it is not visible to Bob. Based on these clues, we can conclude that Bob is in a closed room. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) closed room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find a basement that can be accessed with an elevator? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) closet (C) church (D) office building (E) own house\nA: Let's think step by step. A basement is typically found in a building, not in a closet or a church. It is possible to have a basement in a house, but the question specifies that it can be accessed with an elevator. This means that the basement is likely located in a larger building, such as an office building. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) office building. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If a storey contained a panoramic view, what kind of structure would it be in? Answer Choices: (A) horizontal room (B) storey book (C) mall (D) tall building (E) book of stories\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a panoramic view? A panoramic view is a wide and unobstructed view of an area. Next, what kind of structure would have a panoramic view? A tall building would be the most likely answer, as it would provide a high vantage point for a wide and unobstructed view. Therefore, the correct answer would be (D) tall building. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where are  you likely to find a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) fast food restaurant (B) pizza (C) ground up dead cows (D) mouth (E) cow carcus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a hamburger is a type of food. So, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not related to food. Next, we know that a hamburger is a popular food item that is often served in restaurants. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is not a location. This leaves us with options (A) and (B). However, pizza is not typically associated with hamburgers, so the correct answer is (A) fast food restaurant. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you keep an ottoman near your front door? Answer Choices: (A) living room (B) parlor (C) furniture store (D) basement (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an ottoman? An ottoman is a piece of furniture that is typically used as a footstool or for extra seating. It is usually placed in a living room or family room. So, the answer would be (A) living room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find a basement that can be accessed with an elevator? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) closet (C) church (D) office building (E) own house\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Billy was an astronaut.  When he looked at the world from space, how did it look? Answer Choices: (A) diverse (B) round (C) square (D) orange (E) complicated\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that Billy was an astronaut, so he was in space. From space, he could see the Earth. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) diverse means having a variety of different things. (B) round means having a circular shape. (C) square means having four equal sides and four right angles. (D) orange is a color. (E) complicated means difficult to understand or deal with. Based on these definitions, we can eliminate options (C) and (D) because they do not describe the Earth's appearance. Option (A) could be a possibility, as the Earth is home to a diverse range of people, cultures, and landscapes. However, option (B) is a more accurate description of how the Earth looks from space. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) round. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man laid on the soft moss and looked up at the trees, where was the man? Answer Choices: (A) niagra falls (B) forest (C) waterfall (D) ground (E) tree\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is laying on soft moss, so he is not on a hard surface like the ground or a waterfall. He is also looking up at trees, so he must be in a place with tall trees. This eliminates options A and C. The man is also able to lay down comfortably, so he is not on a tree. This leaves us with option B, forest, as the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Of all the sports, Billy enjoys football, but what does his concerned mother think of the sport? Answer Choices: (A) very entertaining (B) fun (C) slow (D) competitive (E) violent\nA: Let's think step by step. Billy enjoys football. This means that he finds it entertaining, fun, competitive, and possibly even violent. However, his mother is concerned about the sport. This means that she does not share the same positive feelings about football as Billy does. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) violent. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer Choices: (A) carved (B) melted (C) ice cream (D) antarctica (E) sculptured\nA: Let's think step by step. First, ice is a solid form of water. When it is exposed to sunlight, it absorbs the heat and starts to warm up. As it warms up, it begins to melt and turn into liquid water. So, the correct answer is (B) melted. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Billy was an astronaut.  When he looked at the world from space, how did it look? Answer Choices: (A) diverse (B) round (C) square (D) orange (E) complicated\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Billy was an astronaut, so he was in space. From space, he could see the Earth. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) diverse means having a variety of different things. (B) round means having a circular shape. (C) square means having four equal sides and four right angles. (D) orange is a color. (E) complicated means difficult to understand or deal with. Based on these definitions, we can eliminate options (C) and (D) because they do not describe the Earth's appearance. Option (A) could be a possibility, as the Earth is home to a diverse range of people, cultures, and landscapes. However, option (B) is a more accurate description of how the Earth looks from space. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) round. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work, but once he got to his destination he balled it up and put it somewhere. Where did it put it? Answer Choices: (A) trash (B) floor (C) subway (D) ground (E) lawn\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work. This means that he was holding the newspaper in his hands while he was on his way to work. 2. Once he got to his destination, he balled it up. This means that he crumpled the newspaper into a ball. 3. Finally, he put it somewhere. This means that he placed the balled up newspaper in a specific location. The answer is A.\n\nQ: I took my seat, the curtains drew back and I enjoyed the what? Answer Choices: (A) airplane (B) movie (C) auditorium (D) theatre (E) show\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you took your seat. Then, the curtains drew back. Finally, you enjoyed something. Based on this information, we can eliminate options (A) airplane and (C) auditorium, as they do not fit the context. Option (B) movie could be a possibility, but it doesn't make sense for curtains to draw back in a movie theater. That leaves us with options (D) theatre and (E) show. Both of these options could fit the context, but option (E) show is a more general term that could encompass a variety of performances, while option (D) theatre specifically refers to a building or space for performances. Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) show. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does the sky do before a rain? Answer Choices: (A) appear beautiful (B) appear blue (C) shows a rainbow (D) rain water (E) cloud over\nA: Let's think step by step. Before a rain, the sky does not appear beautiful because it is usually cloudy and gray. It also does not appear blue because the clouds cover the sky. A rainbow can sometimes appear after a rain, but not before. Rain water does not affect the appearance of the sky. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) cloud over. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Billy was an astronaut.  When he looked at the world from space, how did it look? Answer Choices: (A) diverse (B) round (C) square (D) orange (E) complicated\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where can you go to use a piano in your neighborhood if you don't have one? Answer Choices: (A) music school (B) music store (C) neighbor's house (D) lunch (E) drawing room\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where there is a piano that we can use. This eliminates options (D) lunch and (E) drawing room. Next, we need to find a place that is in our neighborhood. This eliminates options (A) music school and (B) music store. The best answer would be (C) neighbor's house, as it is a place in our neighborhood where we may be able to find a piano to use. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you buy a finely crafted writing instrument? Answer Choices: (A) nasa (B) classroom (C) stationery store (D) purse (E) office supply store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells writing instruments. Option A, nasa, is not a place where you can buy writing instruments. Option B, classroom, is a place where you can find writing instruments, but it is not a store. Option D, purse, is not a place where you can buy writing instruments. This leaves us with options C and E. Option C, stationery store, is a store that specializes in selling writing instruments and other office supplies. Option E, office supply store, is also a store that sells writing instruments, but it may not have as wide of a selection as a stationery store. Therefore, the best answer is (C) stationery store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If I did not have a rosebush, where would I get one? Answer Choices: (A) pot (B) museum (C) garden center (D) formal garden (E) backyard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells plants. A pot is not a place, it is a container. A museum is not likely to sell plants. A formal garden may have rosebushes, but it is not a place where you can buy one. A backyard is also not a place where you can buy a rosebush. That leaves us with the garden center. This is a place specifically designed for buying plants, including rosebushes. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) garden center. The answer is C.\n\nQ: How is a child eager to be going to play likely to get there? Answer Choices: (A) slowly (B) rush (C) being entertained (D) have fun (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the child is eager to play. This means that the child is excited and can't wait to start playing. Next, the question asks how the child is likely to get there. This means that we need to think about how the child will physically get to the place where they will play. The answer choices are (A) slowly, (B) rush, (C) being entertained, (D) have fun, and (E) enjoyment. Out of these choices, the best answer is (B) rush. This is because if the child is eager to play, they will most likely want to get there quickly so they can start having fun. They may even run or move quickly to get there faster. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The child may have fun and enjoy themselves once they get there, but that is not related to how they physically get there. Being entertained also does not make sense because the child is not being entertained while they are on their way to play. Finally, slowly does not make sense because the child is eager and excited, so they would not want to move slowly. Therefore, the best answer is (B) rush. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Most people who are family like to greet each other with a what? Answer Choices: (A) apartments (B) listen to music (C) have friends (D) know what ophiolites (E) hug\nA: Let's think step by step. The question is asking about what most people like to do when they greet each other. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (C), and (D) because they do not relate to greetings. Option (E) is the only one that makes sense in this context, as hugging is a common way for family members to greet each other. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) hug. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The kids didn't clean up after they had done what? Answer Choices: (A) learn things (B) play games (C) disneyland (D) play with toys (E) talking\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the kids did something. Then, they didn't clean up. So, what could they have done that would require cleaning up afterwards? The answer is (D) play with toys. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where can you find a place to eat in an urban area close to local nightlife? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) downtown (C) mall (D) shopping center (E) own house\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find an urban area. An urban area is a city or town that is highly populated and has a lot of buildings and businesses. So, the answer cannot be (E) own house. Next, we need to find a place close to local nightlife. Local nightlife refers to the entertainment and social activities that take place in a specific area, usually at night. This means we need to find a place in the city that is close to where people go out at night. This eliminates (C) mall and (D) shopping center. Finally, we need to find a place to eat. While you can find places to eat in all of the options, the best answer would be (B) downtown. Downtown areas in cities often have a variety of restaurants and are close to local nightlife. So, the best answer is (B) downtown. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would someone purchase an upright piano? Answer Choices: (A) music class (B) college (C) music store (D) music room (E) music band\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine where pianos are typically sold. Then, we can narrow down the options based on that information. Pianos are typically sold in music stores, so the correct answer is (C) music store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where might a mouse be found to make it country? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) cook (C) computer lab (D) old barn (E) research laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that is in the country. The options that could be in the country are (D) old barn and (E) research laboratory. Next, we need to find a place where a mouse might be found. Mice are often found in places where they can find food, so (A) kitchen and (B) cook are not likely options. Mice are also not commonly found in computer labs, so (C) computer lab is also not a likely option. Therefore, the best answer would be (D) old barn, as mice are often found in barns where they can find food and shelter. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you borrow furniture if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) sewer (B) neighbor's house (C) apartment (D) room (E) floor\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to borrow furniture. So, you need to find someone who has furniture that you can borrow. You can't borrow furniture from a sewer or a floor, so we can eliminate those options. You also can't borrow furniture from an apartment or a room, because those are just places and not people. That leaves us with the option of borrowing furniture from a neighbor's house. So, the correct answer is (B) neighbor's house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where can you go to use a piano in your neighborhood if you don't have one? Answer Choices: (A) music school (B) music store (C) neighbor's house (D) lunch (E) drawing room\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Why do some people get passports and go to different locations? Answer Choices: (A) believe in god (B) smoke marijuana (C) desire to travel (D) use weapons (E) throw away\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a passport is. A passport is an official document issued by a government that allows a person to travel to other countries. Next, we need to think about why someone would want to travel to different locations. Some possible reasons could be to visit family or friends, to experience different cultures, or to see famous landmarks. Out of these options, the most logical reason for someone to get a passport and travel to different locations is because they have a desire to travel. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) desire to travel. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: I picked from an apple tree outside of Fort Wayne, where am I? Answer Choices: (A) woods (B) illinois (C) indiana (D) washington state (E) tampa\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that you are outside of Fort Wayne. Fort Wayne is a city in Indiana. So, we can eliminate options B, D, and E. Next, we know that you picked from an apple tree. Apple trees are commonly found in orchards or in the wild, such as in woods or forests. However, since you specifically mentioned an apple tree, we can eliminate option A (woods) as it is too general. This leaves us with option C (Indiana) as the most likely answer. Therefore, you are most likely in Indiana. The answer is C.\n\nQ: I was apprehensive to buy the expensive equipment to play a game with so much walking and swinging around in grass, but now I understand why people what? Answer Choices: (A) care less (B) play golf (C) shake hands (D) believe in god (E) trip over\nA: Let's think step by step. The sentence is saying that the person was hesitant to buy expensive equipment for a game that involves a lot of walking and swinging in grass. However, now they understand why people do something. So, what could be the reason for people to do this activity? It could be because they care less about the cost, they play golf, they shake hands, they believe in god, or they trip over. Out of these options, the most logical reason for people to engage in this activity is to play golf. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) play golf. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Why would you take a bus to work? Answer Choices: (A) commute (B) flying (C) get somewhere (D) travel (E) go home\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to get to work. You could walk, but that might take a long time. You could drive, but maybe you don't have a car or you don't want to deal with traffic and parking. You could take a taxi, but that might be expensive. So, taking a bus is a good option because it is a form of transportation that can get you to work without having to deal with traffic or parking, and it is usually more affordable than a taxi. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) commute. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What would you do to a crime scene before asking a question? Answer Choices: (A) express information (B) touch everything (C) think (D) give clue (E) analyse\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we would need to secure the crime scene and make sure no evidence is disturbed. This means not touching anything and not giving any clues. Next, we would need to analyze the scene and gather information. Once we have a clear understanding of the scene, we can start asking questions to gather more information. So, the correct answer would be (E) analyze. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where are you when you're about to use your plane ticket? Answer Choices: (A) pocket (B) terrorists hands (C) airport (D) sea ship (E) briefcase\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to purchase a plane ticket. This can be done online or at a travel agency, so you could be at home or at a travel agency when you buy the ticket. Next, you would need to pack your bags and get ready to leave for your trip. This could be done at home or at a hotel if you are already traveling. Finally, you would need to go to the airport to check in and board your flight. So, the most likely answer is (C) airport. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What might a person be watching if they see a man with a suitcase full of money? Answer Choices: (A) baggage compartment (B) movie (C) subway (D) airplane (E) cargo hold\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man has a suitcase full of money. This suggests that he is traveling or transporting something valuable. Next, we are given a list of options to choose from. Out of these options, the most likely scenario would be that the person is watching a movie. This is because a movie can show a scene where a man is carrying a suitcase full of money, either as a main plot point or as a brief scene. The other options, such as a baggage compartment, subway, airplane, or cargo hold, do not necessarily involve a person carrying a suitcase full of money. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) movie. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Alabama is full of different people, but they are all citizens of what? Answer Choices: (A) united states (B) deep south (C) floribama (D) gulf states (E) florabama\nA: Let's think step by step. Alabama is a state in the United States. So, all the people living in Alabama are citizens of the United States. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) United States. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where are traveling clothes often kept? Answer Choices: (A) suitcase (B) bedroom (C) closet (D) draws (E) dresser\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what traveling clothes are. Traveling clothes are clothes that people wear when they are traveling, such as on a trip or vacation. Next, we need to think about where people keep their clothes. Some common places where people keep their clothes are in a suitcase, bedroom, closet, drawers, or dresser. Finally, we need to think about which of these places is most likely to be where traveling clothes are kept. Since traveling clothes are specifically for trips or vacations, it is most likely that they are kept in a suitcase, which is used for packing and carrying clothes on trips. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) suitcase. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Why do some people get passports and go to different locations? Answer Choices: (A) believe in god (B) smoke marijuana (C) desire to travel (D) use weapons (E) throw away\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The car's steering seem quite loose, but he still considered purchasing it because he needed something small and what? Answer Choices: (A) sturdy (B) faithful (C) bound (D) compact (E) packaged\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The car's steering seem quite loose, but he still considered purchasing it. This means that the car's steering is not in good condition, but he still wants to buy it. Why? Because he needed something small. So, the car is small. Now, we need to find a word that means small. The correct answer is (D) compact. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He wanted to live somewhere were every yard was uniform in size and landscaping, where should he look for a house? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) three feet (C) subdivision (D) parking garage (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wants to live somewhere where every yard is uniform in size and landscaping. This means that all the yards should be the same size and have the same type of landscaping. This is most likely to be found in a subdivision, where all the houses are built by the same developer and have similar features. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) subdivision. The answer is C.\n\nQ: After working on the car, what did it end up doing? Answer Choices: (A) going too fast (B) last several years (C) honk the horn (D) go fast (E) start running\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what the car was doing before it was worked on. The passage doesn't mention anything about the car's condition before it was worked on, so we can't assume anything. Next, we need to think about what the car was worked on for. The passage doesn't mention anything about the car being worked on to make it go faster, so we can eliminate answer choices (A) and (D). The passage also doesn't mention anything about the car being worked on to make it last longer, so we can eliminate answer choice (B). The passage also doesn't mention anything about the car's horn, so we can eliminate answer choice (C). That leaves us with answer choice (E), which says the car started running. This makes sense because if the car wasn't running before it was worked on, then the goal of working on it would be to make it start running again. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) start running. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you take the risk buying a used car, you still hope it can what? Answer Choices: (A) go fast (B) start running (C) going too fast (D) look good (E) last several years\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you take the risk buying a used car. What do you hope for? You hope that the car will be in good condition and will not break down easily. So, you hope that it can start running. But, that's not all. You also hope that it will last for a long time. So, the correct answer is (E) last several years. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The car's steering seem quite loose, but he still considered purchasing it because he needed something small and what? Answer Choices: (A) sturdy (B) faithful (C) bound (D) compact (E) packaged\nA: Let's think step by step. The car's steering seem quite loose, but he still considered purchasing it. This means that the car's steering is not in good condition, but he still wants to buy it. Why? Because he needed something small. So, the car is small. Now, we need to find a word that means small. The correct answer is (D) compact. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What could you use to get to some airplanes? Answer Choices: (A) taxi (B) carry people (C) car (D) stall (E) crash\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to get to the airport. A taxi or a car could both be used to get to the airport. Once we are at the airport, we need to get to the airplanes. A taxi or a car could also be used to get to the airplanes, but they may not be able to drive directly onto the runway. Instead, we could use a stall, which is a small structure or booth, to get onto the runway and access the airplanes. We definitely do not want to crash into the airplanes, as that would be dangerous and destructive. So, the best answer would be (A) taxi or (C) car. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf, what is he likely to have? Answer Choices: (A) club (B) assembly hall (C) meditation center (D) meeting (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf. So, he is going to play golf. What do you need to play golf? You need a club. So, the answer is (A) club. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The ancient seafaring Norse tribesman brought pelts of weasel aboard his what? Answer Choices: (A) rabbit warren (B) used car lot (C) chicken coop (D) cruise (E) viking ship\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the Norse tribesman is seafaring, which means he is traveling by sea. Next, we know that he is bringing pelts of weasel aboard something. The only answer choice that makes sense in this context is (E) viking ship, as the Norse tribesman would likely be traveling on a viking ship. The other answer choices do not fit with the context of the sentence. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures, what was he looking for? Answer Choices: (A) checkers (B) barrels (C) baking soda (D) buffalo (E) salt\nA: Let's think step by step. The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures. This means that the pioneer needed something to store items in. Now, let's look at the answer choices. Checkers, baking soda, and buffalo are all items that would not be used for storage. This leaves us with barrels and salt. Barrels are commonly used for storage, so this is the most likely answer. Salt can also be used for storage, but it is not typically referred to as a \"storage measure.\" Therefore, the correct answer is (B) barrels. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The car's steering seem quite loose, but he still considered purchasing it because he needed something small and what? Answer Choices: (A) sturdy (B) faithful (C) bound (D) compact (E) packaged\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The neighborhood had a great sense of community, there was always a crowd at the landing of the what? Answer Choices: (A) stairwell (B) arena (C) ocean (D) airport (E) apartment building\nA: Let's think step by step. The neighborhood had a great sense of community, so it is likely that people would gather together in a common area. The landing of the stairwell is a possible answer, as it is a common area in an apartment building where people can gather and chat. The arena is less likely, as it is a larger space and may not be easily accessible to everyone in the neighborhood. The ocean and airport are also unlikely, as they are not typically places where people would gather in a neighborhood setting. Therefore, the best answer is (E) apartment building. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The ball was hit over a boundary and struck an audience member.  What kind of game were they playing? Answer Choices: (A) sporting event (B) sporting (C) basketball (D) society (E) ranch country\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the ball was hit over a boundary, which suggests that it was a game with boundaries, such as a field or court. This rules out options D and E. Next, we know that the ball struck an audience member, which suggests that it was a game with spectators. This rules out option C. Finally, we know that the ball was hit, which suggests that it was a game involving a ball. This rules out option D. Therefore, the most likely answer is A) sporting event. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find a monkey in the wild? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) barrel (C) research laboratory (D) captivity (E) thailand\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about where a monkey can be found in the wild. This means that we can eliminate answer choices (A), (C), and (D) because they all involve captivity or human intervention. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (B) because it is a common misconception that monkeys live in barrels, but in reality, they do not. This leaves us with answer choice (E), Thailand, as the correct answer. Monkeys can be found in the wild in various parts of Thailand, including national parks and forests. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you really wanted a grape, where would you go to get it? Answer Choices: (A) winery (B) fruit stand (C) field (D) kitchen (E) food\nA: Let's think step by step. First, grapes are a type of fruit, so we can eliminate options (A) winery and (D) kitchen. Next, grapes are typically grown in fields, so option (C) field seems like a good choice. However, we can also find grapes at a fruit stand, so option (B) fruit stand is also a possible answer. Finally, option (E) food is too broad and does not specifically mention grapes, so we can eliminate it as well. Therefore, the best answer would be either (B) fruit stand or (C) field. The answer is B.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If you have to read a book that is very dry and long you may become what? Answer Choices: (A) have time (B) boring (C) learn new (D) enjoyable (E) bored\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the book is very dry and long. This means that it is not interesting or engaging. Next, the question asks how you may become while reading this book. The answer choices are (A) have time, (B) boring, (C) learn new, (D) enjoyable, and (E) bored. Out of these choices, the best answer is (E) bored. This is because if the book is not interesting, you may become bored while reading it. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. You may have time to read the book, but that is not related to how you feel while reading it. The book may be boring, but that is not a feeling that you become. You may learn new things from the book, but that is not related to how you feel while reading it. Finally, the book may not be enjoyable, but that is not a feeling that you become. Therefore, the best answer is (E) bored. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Why is it hard for a young child to read a long book? Answer Choices: (A) knowledge (B) cover (C) no pictures (D) past (E) many words\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what makes reading a long book difficult for a young child. Is it because they don't have enough knowledge? No, that can't be it. Children are constantly learning and absorbing new information. Is it because of the cover of the book? No, that doesn't make sense either. The cover of a book doesn't affect a child's ability to read it. Is it because there are no pictures? Yes, that could be a factor. Pictures can help young children understand and engage with the story. Is it because of the past? No, that doesn't seem relevant. Finally, is it because there are too many words? Yes, that is a likely reason. Young children may struggle with reading long books because they are still building their reading skills and may become overwhelmed by a large amount of text. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) many words. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: How is a child eager to be going to play likely to get there? Answer Choices: (A) slowly (B) rush (C) being entertained (D) have fun (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the child is eager to play. This means that the child is excited and can't wait to start playing. Next, the question asks how the child is likely to get there. This means that we need to think about how the child will physically get to the place where they will play. The answer choices are (A) slowly, (B) rush, (C) being entertained, (D) have fun, and (E) enjoyment. Out of these choices, the best answer is (B) rush. This is because if the child is eager to play, they will most likely want to get there quickly so they can start having fun. They may even run or move quickly to get there faster. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The child may have fun and enjoy themselves once they get there, but that is not related to how they physically get there. Being entertained also does not make sense because the child is not being entertained while they are on their way to play. Finally, slowly does not make sense because the child is eager and excited, so they would not want to move slowly. Therefore, the best answer is (B) rush. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you aren't well rested and it's a rainy day what might you do? Answer Choices: (A) sleep (B) write (C) make bread (D) stay in bed (E) enjoy film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, if you aren't well rested, you might want to rest or sleep. So, the answer could be A or D. Next, if it's a rainy day, you might want to stay indoors. So, the answer could be D. However, if you are feeling creative, you might want to write or make bread. So, the answer could also be B or C. Lastly, if you want to relax and be entertained, you might want to enjoy a film. So, the answer could also be E. Therefore, the best answer would be D) stay in bed. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Blue read material outside of his comfort zone because he wanted to gain what? Answer Choices: (A) new perspective (B) entertained (C) understanding (D) hunger (E) tired eyes\nA: Let's think step by step. Blue read material outside of his comfort zone. Why? Because he wanted to gain something. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (B) entertained, (D) hunger, and (E) tired eyes don't make sense in this context. Blue is reading something new, so he wouldn't be hungry or tired. And he's not reading for entertainment, he's reading for a purpose. So that leaves us with (A) new perspective and (C) understanding. Both of these could make sense in this context, but (A) new perspective is the better answer because it directly relates to reading something outside of one's comfort zone. So the correct answer is (A) new perspective. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A traveler laments the fact that mass transit is limited in his city when his groceries get soaked by the rain as he waits where? Answer Choices: (A) bus stop (B) library (C) motel (D) airport (E) subway\nA: Let's think step by step. The traveler is waiting for something. What is he waiting for? He is waiting for mass transit. So, he is waiting for a bus, train, or subway. Now, we know that his groceries get soaked by the rain. This means that he is outside. So, he is waiting for mass transit outside. Which of the answer choices is outside? The answer is (A) bus stop. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) bus stop. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: To get clean clothes you to what to them? Answer Choices: (A) get dirty (B) writing (C) use water (D) launder (E) soap\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to put your dirty clothes in the washing machine. Then, you need to add soap or detergent to the machine. Next, you need to turn on the machine and let it fill with water. After that, you need to select the appropriate cycle and let the machine do its job. Finally, when the cycle is finished, you need to take out your clean clothes and put them in the dryer or hang them to dry. So, to get clean clothes, you need to launder them. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) launder. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you have to read a book that is very dry and long you may become what? Answer Choices: (A) have time (B) boring (C) learn new (D) enjoyable (E) bored\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: In what substance do clouds float? Answer Choices: (A) sky (B) top of mountain (C) air (D) ground level (E) outer space\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that clouds are visible masses of water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the atmosphere. This means that they are not solid objects and cannot float on a solid surface like the ground or the top of a mountain. They also cannot float in outer space because there is no atmosphere for them to be suspended in. This leaves us with the remaining options of sky and air. The sky is not a substance, but rather the space above the Earth's surface where the atmosphere is located. This leaves us with air as the correct answer. Clouds float in the air, specifically in the lower layers of the Earth's atmosphere. So, the correct answer is (C) air. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: From where does a snowflake form? Answer Choices: (A) cloud (B) snow storm (C) billow (D) air (E) snowstorm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a snowflake forms in the atmosphere. So, we can eliminate options (B) and (E) because they are not specific enough. Next, a snowflake forms in a specific type of cloud. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is too general. This leaves us with options (A) and (C). A billow is a type of cloud, so it is possible that a snowflake could form in a billow. However, the most common type of cloud for snowflake formation is a cumulus cloud. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) cloud. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What would you do to a rock when climb up a cliff? Answer Choices: (A) grab (B) look down (C) throw (D) falling (E) may fall\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would grab onto the rock to help pull yourself up. Then, you might look down to check your progress or to see how far you have left to climb. You would not throw the rock, as that could be dangerous for anyone below you. Falling is a possibility, but hopefully you would not fall if you are properly secured with ropes and safety equipment. So, the best answer would be (A) grab. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer Choices: (A) carved (B) melted (C) ice cream (D) antarctica (E) sculptured\nA: Let's think step by step. First, ice is a solid form of water. When it is exposed to sunlight, it absorbs the heat and starts to warm up. As it warms up, it begins to melt and turn into liquid water. So, the correct answer is (B) melted. The answer is B.\n\nQ: James was below the balloon.  He watched it rise.  What direction did he look in? Answer Choices: (A) upstairs (B) aloft (C) diagonal (D) upstream (E) upwards\nA: Let's think step by step. First, James was below the balloon. This means that he was looking up at the balloon. Next, he watched it rise. This means that the balloon was moving upwards. So, James was looking upwards. The correct answer is (E) upwards. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What kind of path do comets tend to have? Answer Choices: (A) ice (B) set orbits (C) universe (D) space (E) solid nucleus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a comet? A comet is a small, icy object that orbits the sun. Next, what is a path? A path is the route or course that something follows. So, what kind of path do comets tend to have? Comets tend to have set orbits, meaning they follow a specific path around the sun. This is because they are affected by the gravitational pull of the sun and other planets, which keeps them in a relatively stable orbit. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) set orbits. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If I have a modern light source in my living room, what is it likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) sky (B) house (C) lamp (D) match (E) candle\nA: Let's think step by step. A modern light source is likely to be something that produces light. The sky is not a man-made object and does not produce light, so we can eliminate option (A). A house is a building and does not produce light, so we can eliminate option (B). A match and a candle are both traditional sources of light, but they are not considered modern, so we can eliminate options (D) and (E). This leaves us with option (C), a lamp, which is a common modern light source found in living rooms. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) lamp. The answer is C.\n\nQ: In what substance do clouds float? Answer Choices: (A) sky (B) top of mountain (C) air (D) ground level (E) outer space\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that clouds are visible masses of water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the atmosphere. This means that they are not solid objects and cannot float on a solid surface like the ground or the top of a mountain. They also cannot float in outer space because there is no atmosphere for them to be suspended in. This leaves us with the remaining options of sky and air. The sky is not a substance, but rather the space above the Earth's surface where the atmosphere is located. This leaves us with air as the correct answer. Clouds float in the air, specifically in the lower layers of the Earth's atmosphere. So, the correct answer is (C) air. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you have leftover cake, where would you put it? Answer Choices: (A) quandry (B) refrigerator (C) oven (D) night stand (E) bakery\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to consider where leftover cake should be stored. It is a food item, so it should be stored in a place where food is typically kept. This eliminates options A, D, and E. Next, we need to think about where in the kitchen food is typically stored. The oven is used for cooking, not storing food, so option C can be eliminated. This leaves us with option B, refrigerator, as the most logical answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: In what substance do clouds float? Answer Choices: (A) sky (B) top of mountain (C) air (D) ground level (E) outer space\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What would I be doing while going to work and walking? Answer Choices: (A) listen to radio (B) solve problems (C) driving (D) walk (E) being late\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person is going to work and walking. This means that they are not driving, so we can eliminate option (C) driving. Next, we need to think about what the person would be doing while walking to work. They could be listening to the radio, solving problems in their head, or just walking. However, the most likely answer would be (D) walk, as this is the main activity mentioned in the question. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) walk. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When we are running what are we doing? Answer Choices: (A) stretches (B) running from police (C) learn to walk (D) go quickly (E) get out of bed\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what running means. Running is a form of physical activity where a person moves at a faster pace than walking. So, when we are running, we are moving our body quickly and covering more distance than we would if we were walking. This can be for various reasons, such as exercise, sports, or even running from danger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) go quickly. The answer is D.\n\nQ: While knitting you can do what using a radio? Answer Choices: (A) listen to music (B) watch television (C) making blankets (D) eat (E) watching tv\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is the main activity in this scenario? Knitting. So, what can you do while knitting? You can listen to music, watch television, make blankets, or eat. But, can you watch television while knitting? No, because your hands are busy with the knitting needles. So, the correct answer is (A) listen to music. The answer is A.\n\nQ: During the winter hunt he could hear every motion in the woods, this was because of the what of everything? Answer Choices: (A) being still (B) silence (C) stationary (D) stillness (E) standing still\nA: Let's think step by step. The sentence says \"During the winter hunt he could hear every motion in the woods\". This means that the person was able to hear every movement or sound in the woods. Now, the sentence also says \"this was because of the what of everything?\". This means that there was something that caused the person to be able to hear every motion in the woods. So, what could that be? The answer choices are: (A) being still, (B) silence, (C) stationary, (D) stillness, and (E) standing still. Out of these options, the best answer is (D) stillness. This is because stillness means the absence of movement or sound, which would allow the person to hear every motion in the woods. Being still, standing still, and stationary all imply a lack of movement, but stillness specifically refers to the absence of sound as well. Silence could also be a possible answer, but stillness is a more specific and accurate choice in this context. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) stillness. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find people standing in a line outside? Answer Choices: (A) bus depot (B) end of line (C) opera (D) neighbor's house (E) meeting\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where people would stand in a line. This could be a place where people are waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (C) opera and (E) meeting because people usually don't stand in a line outside these places. Next, we need to think about where people would stand in a line outside. This could be a place where people are waiting for transportation or for a specific event. So, the best answer would be (A) bus depot, where people often stand in a line to board a bus. Option (B) end of line could also be a possible answer, but it is not a specific place. Option (D) neighbor's house is also not a specific place where people would stand in a line outside. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) bus depot. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If a car-less person want to listen to talk radio in private, where might they listen to it? Answer Choices: (A) trunk (B) bedroom (C) diner (D) space shuttle (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person does not have a car, so they cannot listen to talk radio in a car. Next, we know that they want to listen to it in private, so they cannot listen to it in a public place like a diner or a shop. That leaves us with two options: bedroom and space shuttle. Since most people do not have access to a space shuttle, the most likely answer is (B) bedroom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What would I be doing while going to work and walking? Answer Choices: (A) listen to radio (B) solve problems (C) driving (D) walk (E) being late\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: People are what when you're a stranger? Answer Choices: (A) train (B) strange (C) human (D) stupid (E) dangerous\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand the context of the question. The phrase \"when you're a stranger\" suggests that the person is not familiar with the people they are interacting with. So, what are people when you are not familiar with them? They may seem strange or unfamiliar. Therefore, the best answer is (B) strange. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When we are running what are we doing? Answer Choices: (A) stretches (B) running from police (C) learn to walk (D) go quickly (E) get out of bed\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what running means. Running is a form of physical activity where a person moves at a faster pace than walking. So, when we are running, we are moving our body quickly and covering more distance than we would if we were walking. This can be for various reasons, such as exercise, sports, or even running from danger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) go quickly. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What might a kind person do? Answer Choices: (A) cross street (B) talk to themselves (C) open doors (D) throw away (E) study greek\nA: Let's think step by step. What does it mean to be kind? Being kind means being friendly, generous, and considerate towards others. So, what are some things a kind person might do? They might help someone in need, show empathy, or do something nice for someone else. Based on these ideas, which answer choice best fits? It would be (C) open doors. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Is that person acting as silly as a clown? Answer Choices: (A) make mistakes (B) ridiculous (C) have no home (D) mentally unhinged (E) schizophrenia\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a clown is. A clown is a performer who wears colorful clothing and makeup, often with exaggerated features, and uses physical comedy and tricks to entertain an audience. So, a clown is someone who is silly and funny. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) make mistakes - This could be a possibility, as clowns often make mistakes as part of their act. However, it doesn't fully capture the essence of a clown. (B) ridiculous - This is a better option, as clowns are known for their ridiculous and exaggerated behavior. (C) have no home - This is not related to being a clown at all. (D) mentally unhinged - This is not necessarily true for all clowns. While some may have a quirky or eccentric personality, it is not fair to label them as mentally unhinged. (E) schizophrenia - This is a serious mental disorder and should not be associated with being a clown. So, the best answer choice would be (B) ridiculous. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What could you use to get to some airplanes? Answer Choices: (A) taxi (B) carry people (C) car (D) stall (E) crash\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to get to the airport. A taxi or a car could both be used to get to the airport. Once we are at the airport, we need to get to the airplanes. A taxi or a car could also be used to get to the airplanes, but they may not be able to drive directly onto the runway. Instead, we could use a stall, which is a small structure or booth, to get onto the runway and access the airplanes. We definitely do not want to crash into the airplanes, as that would be dangerous and destructive. So, the best answer would be (A) taxi or (C) car. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where can a human find clothes that aren't pants? Answer Choices: (A) pants shop (B) on planet earth (C) dress shop (D) school (E) train wreck\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells clothes. Option A, pants shop, is not a good choice because we are looking for clothes that are not pants. Option D, school, is also not a good choice because schools usually do not sell clothes. Option E, train wreck, is not a place where we can find clothes. This leaves us with options B and C. Option B, on planet earth, is too broad and does not specify a specific location. Therefore, the best answer is option C, dress shop, because dress shops specialize in selling clothes that are not pants. The answer is C.\n\nQ: People are what when you're a stranger? Answer Choices: (A) train (B) strange (C) human (D) stupid (E) dangerous\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Sally was bored because she didn't like the junk that was on what? Answer Choices: (A) drawer (B) garage (C) caddy (D) bed (E) television\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. Sally was bored. Why was she bored? Because she didn't like the junk that was on something. So, what could the junk be on? It could be on a drawer, a garage, a caddy, a bed, or a television. Out of these options, the most likely answer is (A) drawer. Junk is often stored in drawers, and it is something that Sally could easily see and be bothered by. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The person wasn't bothered by the weather, she had remembered to bring her what? Answer Choices: (A) read book (B) own house (C) apartment (D) more rice (E) warm coat\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wasn't bothered by the weather. This means that the weather was not affecting her negatively. So, what could she have brought that would help her not be bothered by the weather? The answer is (E) warm coat. A warm coat would protect her from the cold and keep her comfortable in the weather. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The town house went right to the curb, a slot effectively made a mailbox of the what? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) front door (C) back door (D) street corner (E) porch\nA: Let's think step by step. The town house went right to the curb. This means that the town house is located right next to the curb, or the edge of the sidewalk. Now, the next part says \"a slot effectively made a mailbox.\" This means that there is a slot, or an opening, that is used as a mailbox. So, the slot is effectively made into a mailbox. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) apartment building - This doesn't make sense because the town house is not an apartment building. (B) front door - This doesn't make sense because the front door is usually located on the ground floor, not on the curb. (C) back door - This doesn't make sense because the back door is usually located at the back of the house, not on the curb. (D) street corner - This doesn't make sense because the town house is not located on a street corner. (E) porch - This doesn't make sense because the porch is usually located at the front or back of the house, not on the curb. So, the correct answer is (B) front door. The slot effectively made a mailbox out of the front door of the town house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The teacher played on the upright piano, she was explaining the song to all the students in the what? Answer Choices: (A) music room (B) bathroom (C) house (D) living room (E) music store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the teacher is playing on an upright piano. This suggests that she is in a room with a piano, so we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Next, she is explaining the song to all the students. This suggests that she is in a room with students, so we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with option A, the music room, as the most likely answer. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The cat kept pestering it's owner, it was that time of the day and it was what? Answer Choices: (A) litter tray (B) whiskers (C) hungry (D) feline (E) thirsty\nA: Let's think step by step. The cat is pestering its owner. Why might a cat pester its owner? Maybe it wants something. What might a cat want? It could want to go outside, it could want attention, or it could want food. The sentence says it's \"that time of the day.\" What time of day might it be? Maybe it's mealtime! So, the cat is probably pestering its owner because it's hungry. The correct answer is (C) hungry. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What might I place under the furniture? Answer Choices: (A) rug (B) room (C) toy (D) friend's house (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is the furniture? It could be a couch, a table, a chair, etc. Next, what could you place under the furniture? A rug could go under a couch or table. A toy could also go under a couch or table. A friend's house or building would not typically go under furniture. So, the best answer would be either (A) rug or (C) toy. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sally was bored because she didn't like the junk that was on what? Answer Choices: (A) drawer (B) garage (C) caddy (D) bed (E) television\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Exercise is very good for you, for faster recovery you should always do what afterwards? Answer Choices: (A) stretch (B) lower cholesterol (C) weigh (D) track (E) expend energy\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"recovery\" means in this context. Recovery refers to the process of restoring the body to its normal state after physical activity. This includes repairing any damage to muscles and replenishing energy stores. Now, let's look at the answer choices. Option (B) lower cholesterol is not related to recovery after exercise. Option (C) weigh is also not related to recovery. Option (D) track could potentially be helpful in monitoring progress, but it is not directly related to recovery. Option (E) expend energy is a bit vague and could be interpreted in different ways. However, the most direct and specific answer is (A) stretch. Stretching after exercise helps to improve flexibility, reduce muscle soreness, and aid in the recovery process. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) stretch. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is hard to read note likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) fridge (B) sheet music (C) desk (D) bed (E) medical chart\nA: Let's think step by step. A hard to read note is likely to be in a place where it is not easily accessible or visible. It could also be in a place where it is not meant to be read by others. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (E) medical chart. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The low trickle of water revealed a stone, where was the stone found? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) gallbladder (C) driveway (D) river bed (E) creek bed\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the low trickle of water revealed a stone. This means that the stone was hidden or covered by the water. Next, we know that the water was a low trickle, which means it was a small amount of water. This tells us that the stone was not in a large body of water, like an ocean or a river. Instead, it was likely in a smaller body of water, like a creek or a stream. Finally, we know that the stone was revealed, or uncovered, by the water. This means that the stone was likely at the bottom of the water, and the water had to move or flow in order to reveal it. Based on all of this information, the best answer is (E) creek bed. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Exercise is very good for you, for faster recovery you should always do what afterwards? Answer Choices: (A) stretch (B) lower cholesterol (C) weigh (D) track (E) expend energy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"recovery\" means in this context. Recovery refers to the process of restoring the body to its normal state after physical activity. This includes repairing any damage to muscles and replenishing energy stores. Now, let's look at the answer choices. Option (B) lower cholesterol is not related to recovery after exercise. Option (C) weigh is also not related to recovery. Option (D) track could potentially be helpful in monitoring progress, but it is not directly related to recovery. Option (E) expend energy is a bit vague and could be interpreted in different ways. However, the most direct and specific answer is (A) stretch. Stretching after exercise helps to improve flexibility, reduce muscle soreness, and aid in the recovery process. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) stretch. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What are our bodies doing after having food? Answer Choices: (A) falling down (B) digesting (C) gas (D) weight gain (E) not hungry\nA: Let's think step by step. After we eat food, our bodies start to digest it. This means that our bodies are breaking down the food into smaller pieces so that our cells can use the nutrients from the food for energy and growth. This process involves enzymes and acids in our stomach and intestines. As our bodies digest the food, gas may be produced, which can cause us to feel bloated or have flatulence. However, this is a normal part of the digestion process. Our bodies also absorb water and nutrients from the food, which can contribute to weight gain if we consistently eat more calories than we burn. After the food is digested and the nutrients are absorbed, our bodies may feel full and satisfied, and we may not feel hungry for a while. So, the correct answer is (B) digesting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He looked at the field of pumps, all slowing churning oil out of the what? Answer Choices: (A) manual (B) street (C) restaurant (D) ground (E) service station\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the field of pumps is churning oil out of something. This means that the pumps are extracting oil from something. So, the answer must be something that can contain oil. Let's look at the answer choices. (A) manual doesn't make sense because it is not a physical object that can contain oil. (B) street also doesn't make sense because streets are not known for containing oil. (C) restaurant is also not a good answer because restaurants are not typically associated with oil. (E) service station is a possibility because it is a place where oil is commonly found. However, the most logical answer is (D) ground because oil is typically extracted from the ground. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) ground. The answer is D.\n\nQ: When a main artery is used to expedite travel what would it be referred to as? Answer Choices: (A) neck (B) busy city (C) own brain (D) thruway (E) food\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The question is asking for a term that refers to a main artery used for travel. 2. The term \"artery\" is often used to describe a major road or highway that connects different areas. 3. The word \"expedite\" means to make something happen faster or more efficiently. 4. Putting these together, the answer would be (D) thruway, as it is a term commonly used to describe a major highway or road that allows for faster travel between different areas. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The player lifted his cornet and walked in rhythm, what was the player a member of? Answer Choices: (A) museum (B) high school band (C) marching band (D) orchestra (E) band\nA: Let's think step by step. The player lifted his cornet, so we know that he is a musician. Then, he walked in rhythm, which suggests that he is playing music while walking. This is a common practice in marching bands, where musicians play their instruments while marching in a synchronized manner. Therefore, the player is most likely a member of a marching band. The correct answer is (C) marching band. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He was at the gym trying to build muscle, what is it called that he is trying to build muscle on? Answer Choices: (A) body of animal (B) arm (C) bodybuilder (D) body of dog (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. He is at the gym. 2. He is trying to build muscle. 3. What is he trying to build muscle on? Based on the context, the answer would be the human body. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Exercise is very good for you, for faster recovery you should always do what afterwards? Answer Choices: (A) stretch (B) lower cholesterol (C) weigh (D) track (E) expend energy\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: While washing clothes they became what when caught on the sharp object? Answer Choices: (A) damaged (B) wet clothes (C) wear out (D) torn (E) have fun\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that the clothes were being washed. Then, they got caught on a sharp object. This means that the clothes were damaged in some way. So, we can eliminate options (B) wet clothes and (E) have fun because they do not describe the result of the clothes getting caught on a sharp object. This leaves us with options (A) damaged, (C) wear out, and (D) torn. Since the clothes were caught on a sharp object, it is likely that they were torn or ripped. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) torn. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? Answer Choices: (A) write sentences on paper (B) ink in (C) ink cartridges (D) caps (E) cling film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to prevent - the pen from drying out. Then, we need to think about what could cause the pen to dry out - exposure to air. Finally, we need to think about what could cover or seal the pen to prevent air from getting in - a cap or cling film. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) caps. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The man laid on the soft moss and looked up at the trees, where was the man? Answer Choices: (A) niagra falls (B) forest (C) waterfall (D) ground (E) tree\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is laying on soft moss, so he is not on a hard surface like the ground or a waterfall. He is also looking up at trees, so he must be in a place with tall trees. This eliminates options A and C. The man is also able to lay down comfortably, so he is not on a tree. This leaves us with option B, forest, as the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Women used to be expected to wear a dress but it's now acceptable for them to wear what? Answer Choices: (A) man suit (B) pants (C) naked (D) action (E) long skirt\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that women used to be expected to wear a dress. This means that in the past, it was the norm for women to wear a dress. However, the question is asking about what is now acceptable for women to wear. This means that the norm has changed and women are now allowed to wear something different. So, we can eliminate options (A) man suit, (C) naked, and (E) long skirt because these were all acceptable in the past. This leaves us with options (B) pants and (D) action. Since (D) action does not make sense in this context, the correct answer must be (B) pants. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What does a person do when they feel dirty? Answer Choices: (A) feel lucky (B) cross street (C) wash themselves (D) eat (E) wonder what happened\nA: Let's think step by step. When a person feels dirty, they may first (E) wonder what happened. Then, they may (B) cross the street to avoid getting any dirtier. Next, they may (D) eat something to distract themselves from the feeling. However, the most logical and common response would be to (C) wash themselves to get rid of the dirt. So, the correct answer is (C) wash themselves. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The wood was still rough to the touch, what did the woodworker have to do? Answer Choices: (A) petrify (B) sanded (C) warp (D) composted (E) clean\nA: Let's think step by step. The woodworker wants to make the wood smooth to the touch. The wood is still rough. What can the woodworker do to make it smooth? The answer is (B) sanded. The woodworker can use sandpaper to rub the wood and make it smooth. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The dad wanted to protect his house, where did he put his gun? Answer Choices: (A) police station (B) crime scene (C) restroom (D) drawer (E) holster\nA: Let's think step by step. The dad wanted to protect his house, so he needed to have his gun ready. Where would be the most logical place for him to keep his gun? It wouldn't make sense for him to keep it at the police station or at a crime scene, as those are not places where he would have easy access to it. It also wouldn't make sense for him to keep it in the restroom, as that is not a secure location. The most logical answer would be (D) drawer, as that is a common place for people to keep their personal belongings and it would be easily accessible for the dad to grab in case of an emergency. (E) holster could also be a possible answer, as some people choose to carry their guns in a holster on their person. However, without any further context, (D) drawer seems like the most logical answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The business men left the discussion in the dressing room, now they just wanted to relax in the sauna of the what? Answer Choices: (A) brush hair (B) theater (C) house (D) dwelling (E) bathhouse\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the business men left the discussion in the dressing room. Then, they wanted to relax. So, what kind of place would they go to relax? The answer choices are: brush hair, theater, house, dwelling, and bathhouse. Out of these options, the most likely place for them to relax would be a bathhouse. So, the answer is (E) bathhouse. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: To get clean clothes you to what to them? Answer Choices: (A) get dirty (B) writing (C) use water (D) launder (E) soap\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to put your dirty clothes in the washing machine. Then, you need to add soap or detergent to the machine. Next, you need to turn on the machine and let it fill with water. After that, you need to select the appropriate cycle and let the machine do its job. Finally, when the cycle is finished, you need to take out your clean clothes and put them in the dryer or hang them to dry. So, to get clean clothes, you need to launder them. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) launder. The answer is D.\n\nQ: While washing clothes they became what when caught on the sharp object? Answer Choices: (A) damaged (B) wet clothes (C) wear out (D) torn (E) have fun\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) ready parlor for guests (C) welcome guests (D) work room (E) park\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The hostess was good at her job. What was her job? Her job was to welcome guests. So, the answer is (C) welcome guests. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is the hopeful result of going to see a play? Answer Choices: (A) sit (B) being entertained (C) jobless (D) meet (E) laugh\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to see a play, you are going to a theater. So, you are going to sit in a theater. But, that's not the hopeful result. The hopeful result is what you expect to happen when you go to see a play. So, what do you expect to happen when you go to see a play? You expect to be entertained, right? So, the hopeful result of going to see a play is being entertained. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) being entertained. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Most people who are family like to greet each other with a what? Answer Choices: (A) apartments (B) listen to music (C) have friends (D) know what ophiolites (E) hug\nA: Let's think step by step. The question is asking about what most people like to do when they greet each other. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (C), and (D) because they do not relate to greetings. Option (E) is the only one that makes sense in this context, as hugging is a common way for family members to greet each other. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) hug. The answer is E.\n\nQ: At the new comic store he found himself making friends, it was nice to meet people with what? Answer Choices: (A) smiling (B) smile (C) open mind (D) common interests (E) laughter\nA: Let's think step by step. The sentence says \"At the new comic store he found himself making friends\". This means that the person is making friends at the comic store. So, what is it about the comic store that is helping the person make friends? The next part of the sentence says \"it was nice to meet people with\". This means that the person is happy to meet people who have something in common with them. So, the correct answer is (D) common interests. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The neighborhood had a great sense of community, there was always a crowd at the landing of the what? Answer Choices: (A) stairwell (B) arena (C) ocean (D) airport (E) apartment building\nA: Let's think step by step. The neighborhood had a great sense of community, so it is likely that people would gather together in a common area. The landing of the stairwell is a possible answer, as it is a common area in an apartment building where people can gather and chat. The arena is less likely, as it is a larger space and may not be easily accessible to everyone in the neighborhood. The ocean and airport are also unlikely, as they are not typically places where people would gather in a neighborhood setting. Therefore, the best answer is (E) apartment building. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) ready parlor for guests (C) welcome guests (D) work room (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. The hostess was good at her job. What was her job? Her job was to welcome guests. So, the answer is (C) welcome guests. The answer is C.\n\nQ: I'm having some food at my party, what will I need to serve it? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) pan (C) bowl (D) kitchen (E) spoon\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need a place to prepare and cook the food, so you will need a kitchen. Next, you will need something to cook the food in, so you will need a pan. Once the food is cooked, you will need something to serve it in, so you will need a bowl. Finally, you will need utensils to eat the food with, so you will need spoons. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spoon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) ready parlor for guests (C) welcome guests (D) work room (E) park\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If I was getting drunk, and people couldn't understand me, what might I be having? Answer Choices: (A) a seizure (B) slurred speech (C) death (D) forgetfulness (E) pass out\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, if you are getting drunk, it means you have consumed a lot of alcohol. Alcohol is a substance that can affect the brain and nervous system. When a person consumes too much alcohol, it can cause a variety of effects, including slurred speech. This means that your words may sound unclear or mumbled, making it difficult for others to understand you. So, the correct answer is (B) slurred speech. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is hard to read note likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) fridge (B) sheet music (C) desk (D) bed (E) medical chart\nA: Let's think step by step. A hard to read note is likely to be in a place where it is not easily accessible or visible. It could also be in a place where it is not meant to be read by others. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (E) medical chart. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a very unlikely side effect of becoming inebriated? Answer Choices: (A) fights (B) drunkenness (C) staggering (D) puke (E) paralysis\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what does it mean to become inebriated? It means to become drunk or intoxicated. Next, what are some common side effects of becoming inebriated? Fights, drunkenness, staggering, and puking are all common side effects of becoming inebriated. Finally, what is a very unlikely side effect? Paralysis is a very unlikely side effect of becoming inebriated. It is not a common or expected side effect of being drunk. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) paralysis. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If I was getting drunk, and people couldn't understand me, what might I be having? Answer Choices: (A) a seizure (B) slurred speech (C) death (D) forgetfulness (E) pass out\nA: Let's think step by step. First, if you are getting drunk, it means you have consumed a lot of alcohol. Alcohol is a substance that can affect the brain and nervous system. When a person consumes too much alcohol, it can cause a variety of effects, including slurred speech. This means that your words may sound unclear or mumbled, making it difficult for others to understand you. So, the correct answer is (B) slurred speech. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What is someone operating a vehicle likely to be accused of after becoming inebriated? Answer Choices: (A) punish (B) arrest (C) automobile accidents (D) drunk driving (E) talking nonsense\nA: Let's think step by step. First, someone is operating a vehicle. Then, they become inebriated. What is the most likely consequence of this situation? The person is likely to be accused of drunk driving. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where is beer drank by people watching sticks and pucks? Answer Choices: (A) bottle (B) refrigerator (C) hockey game (D) casino (E) bar\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the people are watching \"sticks and pucks,\" which is a common way to refer to hockey. So, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not mention anything related to hockey. Next, we know that the people are drinking beer, so we can eliminate option (D) because casinos do not typically serve beer. This leaves us with options (C) and (E). However, since the question specifically mentions people watching hockey, the most likely answer is (C) hockey game. People often drink beer while watching sports games, and a hockey game would be the most appropriate setting for people watching sticks and pucks. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) hockey game. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?. Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) soccer game (C) keg (D) can (E) refrigerator\nA: Let's think step by step. Batman bought beer. So, he went to a store or a bar to buy beer. Then, we are told that there were no bottles available. This means that the store or bar did not have any bottles of beer for Batman to buy. So, he had to settle for something else. Out of the answer choices, the only one that makes sense is (D) can. This is because a can is another type of container for beer, similar to a bottle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. (A) shelf is a place where items are stored, not a type of container for beer. (B) soccer game is an event, not a type of container for beer. (C) keg is a large barrel used to store and dispense beer, not a type of container for beer. (E) refrigerator is a household appliance used to keep food and drinks cold, not a type of container for beer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) can. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If I was getting drunk, and people couldn't understand me, what might I be having? Answer Choices: (A) a seizure (B) slurred speech (C) death (D) forgetfulness (E) pass out\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Why would you be watching tv instead of doing something else? Answer Choices: (A) headache (B) laughter (C) laziness (D) erections (E) wasting time\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about watching TV instead of doing something else. This means that there is a reason why someone would choose to watch TV instead of doing another activity. Out of the answer choices, (B) laughter and (D) erections do not make sense in this context. (A) headache could be a reason, but it is not a common reason for choosing to watch TV. (C) laziness could be a reason, but it is not specific enough. Therefore, the most logical answer is (E) wasting time. This means that the person is choosing to watch TV instead of being productive or doing something more meaningful. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The woman is watching television and trying to forget her day, what is her goal? Answer Choices: (A) entertainment (B) falling asleep (C) getting fat (D) crying (E) relaxation\nA: Let's think step by step. The woman is watching television. Why? To forget her day. So, her goal is to forget her day. What is the purpose of watching television? To forget her day. So, her goal is to forget her day. What is the purpose of forgetting her day? To relax. So, her goal is relaxation. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) relaxation. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Janet was watching the film because she liked what? Answer Choices: (A) erection (B) laughter (C) being entertained (D) fear (E) bordem\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Janet was watching a film. This means that she was looking at a movie or video. Next, we know that she was watching the film because she liked something. This means that she enjoyed or found pleasure in something about the film. Finally, we are given five answer choices: erection, laughter, being entertained, fear, and boredom. Out of these choices, the most likely answer is (C) being entertained. This is because watching a film is a form of entertainment, and it is common for people to watch films because they enjoy being entertained by them. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where do you head to travel to a star? Answer Choices: (A) night sky (B) galaxy (C) outer space (D) hollywood (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to leave Earth to travel to a star. So, we need to head to outer space. Once we are in outer space, we can look up at the night sky and see the stars. So, the correct answer is (C) outer space. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Why would you be watching tv instead of doing something else? Answer Choices: (A) headache (B) laughter (C) laziness (D) erections (E) wasting time\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: John was an aristocratic fox hunter.  Where might he live? Answer Choices: (A) england (B) new hampshire (C) street (D) arkansas (E) north dakota\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that John was an aristocratic fox hunter. This suggests that he was wealthy and enjoyed hunting foxes. Next, we need to think about where fox hunting is popular. Fox hunting is a traditional sport in England, so it is likely that John lived there. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) England. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you find magazines along side many other printed works? Answer Choices: (A) doctor (B) bookstore (C) market (D) train station (E) mortuary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that has many printed works. A doctor's office may have some magazines, but it is not a place where you would find many printed works. A market may have some magazines, but it is not a place where you would find many printed works either. A mortuary is not a place where you would find printed works at all. That leaves us with two options: a bookstore and a train station. Both of these places have a variety of printed works, including magazines. However, a bookstore is specifically dedicated to selling printed works, so it is the best answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) bookstore. The answer is B.\n\nQ: John wanted scatter his wife's remains in a lake in the wilderness.  He had to delay before of where he lived.  Where did he live? Answer Choices: (A) mountains (B) dead body (C) pay debts (D) state park (E) new york\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. John wanted to scatter his wife's remains in a lake in the wilderness. 2. He had to delay before of where he lived. 3. Where did he live? Based on the information given, we can infer that John lived in a place that was not close to the lake in the wilderness where he wanted to scatter his wife's remains. This means that he did not live in the mountains or a state park, as those would be closer to the wilderness. He also did not live in a dead body (as that is not a place) or in a place called \"pay debts.\" Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) New York, as it is a place that is not close to the wilderness and could potentially have a lake where John could scatter his wife's remains. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John and Joe like planning games but Joe  was hit by a ball and fell down. What might have happened to Joe. Answer Choices: (A) anger (B) good natured ribbing. (C) enjoying (D) injury (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that John and Joe like planning games. This means that they enjoy playing games together. However, something happened to Joe. He was hit by a ball and fell down. This suggests that he may have been injured. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) injury. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What are people likely to want to do with their friends? Answer Choices: (A) own land (B) own home (C) talk to each other (D) believe in god (E) spend time\nA: Let's think step by step. People are likely to want to do something with their friends. What are some things that people might want to do with their friends? They might want to spend time together, talk to each other, or own a home or land together. They might also want to share beliefs, such as believing in god. So, the correct answer is (E) spend time. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John was my neighbor, it was easy to talk to him. He was never what? Answer Choices: (A) away (B) distant (C) remote person (D) bore (E) foe\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. John was my neighbor. 2. It was easy to talk to him. 3. He was never what? Based on the context, we can eliminate options A, D, and E because they do not fit the description of John being easy to talk to. Option C, \"remote person,\" is also unlikely because it does not make sense in the sentence. This leaves us with option B, \"distant,\" which means not friendly or not willing to talk. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) distant. The answer is B.\n\nQ: It was a long trip from the farm, so he stayed in a hotel when he arrived at the what? Answer Choices: (A) bed away from home (B) wwii bunker (C) resort (D) las vegas (E) city\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he was on a farm. Then, he took a trip. Finally, he arrived at a place where he stayed. What kind of place would he stay at after a long trip? A hotel! So, the correct answer is (E) city. The answer is E.\n\nQ: In the building where James worked there was a small mezzanine in the auditorium to make more space for seats.  Where might James work? Answer Choices: (A) theater (B) floors (C) concert hall (D) education (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. James works in a building. The building has an auditorium. In the auditorium, there is a small mezzanine. The purpose of the mezzanine is to make more space for seats. Based on this information, we can infer that James works in a place where there are performances or events that require an auditorium. This could be a theater, concert hall, or school. However, since the mezzanine was built to make more space for seats, it is more likely that James works in a theater or concert hall where there are larger audiences. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) theater or (C) concert hall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Joe is a  squirrel, which is an animal. He probably lives in what sort of place. Answer Choices: (A) pet store (B) outside (C) woodland (D) ocean (E) cafe\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joe is a squirrel, which is an animal. So, we can eliminate options (A) pet store and (E) cafe, as these are not natural habitats for animals. Next, we know that squirrels are typically found in trees and are known for gathering and storing nuts. This leads us to the most likely answer, (C) woodland, as this is a type of forest or wooded area where trees and nuts can be found. Option (B) outside is a bit too general and could refer to any outdoor location, so it is not as specific as (C) woodland. Option (D) ocean is also not a suitable answer, as squirrels are land animals and do not live in water. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) woodland. The answer is C.\n\nQ: John bought a new water hose.  But he found his old one near his car.  Where did he find the old one? Answer Choices: (A) garden shed (B) hardware store (C) greenhouse (D) garage (E) in a van\nA: Let's think step by step. First, John bought a new water hose. So, he must have gone to a store to buy it. The answer choices are (A) garden shed, (B) hardware store, (C) greenhouse, (D) garage, and (E) in a van. Out of these options, the most likely place for John to buy a water hose would be a hardware store. So, we can eliminate options (A), (C), and (E). Next, we know that John found his old water hose near his car. This suggests that the old water hose was most likely stored in a place close to his car. The most logical option would be a garage, as that is where people usually store items related to their car. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) garage. The answer is D.\n\nQ: John was an aristocratic fox hunter.  Where might he live? Answer Choices: (A) england (B) new hampshire (C) street (D) arkansas (E) north dakota\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where can fisherman store their rods when on a fishing trip? Answer Choices: (A) hardware store (B) engine (C) fishing camp (D) lake (E) sporting goods store\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, what is a fishing trip? A fishing trip is a recreational activity where people go to catch fish. So, where would a fisherman typically go on a fishing trip? They would most likely go to a lake or a fishing camp. Next, what do fishermen use to catch fish? They use fishing rods. So, where would they store their rods when on a fishing trip? They would most likely store them at the fishing camp or near the lake. This eliminates answer choices A (hardware store) and E (sporting goods store). It is also unlikely that they would store their rods in the engine of their boat, so we can eliminate answer choice B. This leaves us with answer choices C (fishing camp) and D (lake). Both of these options could be correct, as fishermen may store their rods at either location. However, the most likely answer is (C) fishing camp, as this is a designated area for fishermen to gather and store their equipment. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) fishing camp. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: If student got a list of supplies from class like paper and pencils, their parent would have to go where? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) parking garage (C) store (D) backpack (E) cabinet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the student would need to get the list of supplies from class. This would most likely happen in the classroom. Then, the parent would need to go to a place where they can purchase the supplies. This would most likely be a store. So, the correct answer is (C) store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where does a heifer's master live? Answer Choices: (A) farm house (B) barnyard (C) stockyard (D) slaughter house (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a heifer? A heifer is a young female cow that has not yet had a calf. So, where do cows live? Cows typically live on a farm. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) farm house - This could be a possible answer, as the farmer who owns the heifer may live in a farm house on the same property. (B) barnyard - This is also a possible answer, as cows often live in a barn or barnyard on a farm. (C) stockyard - This is less likely, as a stockyard is a place where livestock are kept temporarily before being sold or transported. (D) slaughter house - This is not a likely answer, as a heifer is not typically kept in a slaughter house. (E) eat cake - This is not a relevant answer, as it does not relate to the question. So, the most likely answer is (A) farm house or (B) barnyard. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you're buying beer for a float trip what are you preparing to do? Answer Choices: (A) get arrested (B) have fun (C) get sick (D) spend money (E) stupidity\nA: Let's think step by step. You're buying beer, which is an alcoholic beverage, so it's safe to assume that you're preparing to consume it. The context of a float trip suggests that you're going on a recreational activity, most likely involving a body of water. So, the most logical answer would be (B) have fun. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Seafood restaurants are used to draw tourists where? Answer Choices: (A) maine (B) shoe shop (C) city (D) boston (E) coastal cities\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Seafood restaurants are used to draw tourists. 2. Where are tourists usually drawn to? 3. Tourists are usually drawn to places that are popular or have something unique to offer. 4. Seafood restaurants are usually found in coastal cities or areas near the ocean. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you acquire a wind instrument for you own use? Answer Choices: (A) band practice (B) concert (C) music store (D) symphony (E) music room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to find a place that sells wind instruments. This rules out options A, B, and D. Next, you need to find a place that specifically sells instruments for personal use, rather than for a performance or practice setting. This rules out option E. This leaves us with option C, a music store, as the most likely place to acquire a wind instrument for personal use. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where do you keep a pail in your house? Answer Choices: (A) garage (B) pool (C) utility room (D) hardware store (E) wishing well\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a pail? A pail is a container with a handle used for carrying liquids or small objects. So, where in your house would you need to carry liquids or small objects? The answer is the utility room. The utility room is typically where cleaning supplies and tools are kept, so it would make sense to keep a pail there for easy access when needed. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) utility room. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where can fisherman store their rods when on a fishing trip? Answer Choices: (A) hardware store (B) engine (C) fishing camp (D) lake (E) sporting goods store\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The chief saw his entire tribe wiped out, he was a leader with a single what? Answer Choices: (A) peon (B) indian (C) minister (D) follower (E) employee\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The chief saw his entire tribe wiped out. This means that all the members of his tribe were killed or died. Next, we know that the chief is a leader. So, what kind of leader is he? He is a leader with a single what? The word \"single\" suggests that he is the only one left. So, the correct answer is (D) follower. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: To get out of there the person had to keep on walking, they had to keep on what? Answer Choices: (A) moving forward (B) locomotion (C) blisters (D) rollerskate (E) exercise\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person had to keep on walking. Then, what did they have to do? They had to keep on moving forward. So, the correct answer is (A) moving forward. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A great teacher can be what when you are attending school? Answer Choices: (A) detention (B) graduate (C) follower (D) inspiration (E) boredom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a great teacher? A great teacher is someone who is knowledgeable, passionate, and dedicated to helping their students learn and grow. They are able to engage and motivate their students, and make learning enjoyable and meaningful. Next, what is the purpose of attending school? The purpose of attending school is to learn and acquire knowledge and skills that will help us succeed in life. Now, based on these two pieces of information, what can a great teacher be when you are attending school? A great teacher can be an inspiration. They can inspire you to learn, to work hard, and to reach your full potential. They can also be a mentor, a role model, and a guide, helping you navigate through your academic journey and preparing you for the future. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) inspiration. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Despite the large crowds, how did the depressed man feel? Answer Choices: (A) small group (B) alone (C) solitary (D) solitude (E) panic\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is depressed, which means he is feeling sad and unhappy. The large crowds are mentioned, which means there are a lot of people around. So, despite the large crowds, the man is feeling alone and solitary. He is not feeling panic, as that would be a more extreme emotion. So, the correct answer is (C) solitary. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sean was leaving work and took the roadway that led to his what? Answer Choices: (A) neighborhood (B) city (C) fate (D) countryside (E) maps\nA: Let's think step by step. Sean was leaving work. So, he was at work. Then, he took the roadway. So, he was on the roadway. The roadway led to his...? The answer is (A) neighborhood. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The player lifted his cornet and walked in rhythm, what was the player a member of? Answer Choices: (A) museum (B) high school band (C) marching band (D) orchestra (E) band\nA: Let's think step by step. The player lifted his cornet, so we know that he is a musician. Then, he walked in rhythm, which suggests that he is playing music while walking. This is a common practice in marching bands, where musicians play their instruments while marching in a synchronized manner. Therefore, the player is most likely a member of a marching band. The correct answer is (C) marching band. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The tiger was stuck in what animal prison where he got lazy and fat? Answer Choices: (A) jungle (B) zoo (C) kill (D) india (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the tiger was stuck in an animal prison. This means that he was not free to roam around and do as he pleased. Next, we know that he got lazy and fat. This suggests that he was not getting enough exercise and was probably being overfed. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) jungle doesn't make sense because a jungle is a natural habitat for a tiger and he wouldn't be stuck there. (D) India also doesn't make sense because it is a country and not a place where a tiger would be stuck. (E) Eat cake is not a place or a type of prison. This leaves us with (B) zoo and (C) kill. (C) Kill doesn't make sense because it is not a place and it doesn't fit with the context of the sentence. This leaves us with (B) zoo as the correct answer. A zoo is a type of animal prison where animals are kept in captivity for people to come and see. In this case, the tiger got lazy and fat because he was not able to hunt and roam freely like he would in the wild. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) zoo. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures, what was he looking for? Answer Choices: (A) checkers (B) barrels (C) baking soda (D) buffalo (E) salt\nA: Let's think step by step. The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures. This means that the pioneer needed something to store items in. Now, let's look at the answer choices. Checkers, baking soda, and buffalo are all items that would not be used for storage. This leaves us with barrels and salt. Barrels are commonly used for storage, so this is the most likely answer. Salt can also be used for storage, but it is not typically referred to as a \"storage measure.\" Therefore, the correct answer is (B) barrels. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The chief saw his entire tribe wiped out, he was a leader with a single what? Answer Choices: (A) peon (B) indian (C) minister (D) follower (E) employee\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Sally was standing in queue.  The line was very, very slow.  What was she feeling? Answer Choices: (A) frustration (B) delays (C) being annoyed (D) moving forward (E) progress\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. 1. Sally was standing in queue. 2. The line was very, very slow. 3. What was she feeling? Based on the information given, we can infer that Sally was feeling frustrated and annoyed because the line was slow and she had to wait for a long time. Therefore, the correct answer would be (A) frustration and (C) being annoyed. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Sally used a clipboard to hold her papers while she read off names at the beginning of the day.  Where might she work? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) windows 95 (C) office supply store (D) see work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Sally is using a clipboard to hold papers. This suggests that she has a lot of papers to keep track of and needs a portable surface to write on. 2. She is also reading off names, which could indicate that she is checking attendance or taking roll call. 3. This activity is happening at the beginning of the day, which could suggest that she is starting a work day or a school day. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (E) school. Sally could be a teacher or an administrative staff member at a school, using the clipboard to take attendance or keep track of important documents. The other answer choices do not fit as well with the given information. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do people do when they think too quickly? Answer Choices: (A) jump to conclusions (B) hurry home (C) build trust (D) pay bills (E) sing\nA: Let's think step by step. When people think too quickly, they may not take the time to fully process information and may jump to conclusions. So the correct answer is (A) jump to conclusions. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sally was standing in queue.  The line was very, very slow.  What was she feeling? Answer Choices: (A) frustration (B) delays (C) being annoyed (D) moving forward (E) progress\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Sally was standing in queue. 2. The line was very, very slow. 3. What was she feeling? Based on the information given, we can infer that Sally was feeling frustrated and annoyed because the line was slow and she had to wait for a long time. Therefore, the correct answer would be (A) frustration and (C) being annoyed. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where are people likely to become impatient? Answer Choices: (A) end of line (B) buildings (C) apartment (D) neighbor's house (E) address\nA: Let's think step by step. People are likely to become impatient when they are waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (B), (C), and (E) because they do not involve waiting. Option (D) is also unlikely because it is specific to a neighbor's house and may not apply to everyone. This leaves us with option (A), end of line, as the most likely answer. People waiting in line often become impatient, especially if the line is long or moving slowly. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) ready parlor for guests (C) welcome guests (D) work room (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. The hostess was good at her job. What was her job? Her job was to welcome guests. So, the answer is (C) welcome guests. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The cat kept pestering it's owner, it was that time of the day and it was what? Answer Choices: (A) litter tray (B) whiskers (C) hungry (D) feline (E) thirsty\nA: Let's think step by step. The cat is pestering its owner. Why might a cat pester its owner? Maybe it wants something. What might a cat want? It could want to go outside, it could want attention, or it could want food. The sentence says it's \"that time of the day.\" What time of day might it be? Maybe it's mealtime! So, the cat is probably pestering its owner because it's hungry. The correct answer is (C) hungry. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sally was standing in queue.  The line was very, very slow.  What was she feeling? Answer Choices: (A) frustration (B) delays (C) being annoyed (D) moving forward (E) progress\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What might someone do after they finish creating art? Answer Choices: (A) frustration (B) relax (C) eat (D) enlightenment (E) communication\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. After someone finishes creating art, they might feel a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction. They might also feel a sense of relief or relaxation, especially if the process was challenging or time-consuming. They might also feel a sense of enlightenment or new understanding, as creating art can often be a reflective and introspective process. They might also feel a desire to communicate their art with others, whether through sharing it with friends and family or exhibiting it publicly. Lastly, they might feel hungry and decide to eat something after expending energy on creating art. So, the best answer would be (B) relax, followed by (D) enlightenment and (E) communication, and possibly (C) eat. (A) frustration would not be a likely response after finishing creating art. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When a person is beginning work, what are they building? Answer Choices: (A) time (B) accomplishing (C) working (D) momentum (E) tiredness\nA: Let's think step by step. When a person is beginning work, they are starting to do something. This means they are building something. What are they building? They are building momentum. This is the correct answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What might someone do after they finish creating art? Answer Choices: (A) frustration (B) relax (C) eat (D) enlightenment (E) communication\nA: Let's think step by step. After someone finishes creating art, they might feel a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction. They might also feel a sense of relief or relaxation, especially if the process was challenging or time-consuming. They might also feel a sense of enlightenment or new understanding, as creating art can often be a reflective and introspective process. They might also feel a desire to communicate their art with others, whether through sharing it with friends and family or exhibiting it publicly. Lastly, they might feel hungry and decide to eat something after expending energy on creating art. So, the best answer would be (B) relax, followed by (D) enlightenment and (E) communication, and possibly (C) eat. (A) frustration would not be a likely response after finishing creating art. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The artist was sitting quietly pondering, then suddenly he began to paint when what struck him? Answer Choices: (A) sadness (B) anxiety (C) inspiration (D) discomfort (E) insights\nA: Let's think step by step. The artist was sitting quietly pondering, which means he was deep in thought. Suddenly, he began to paint, which means something triggered him to start painting. So, what struck him? The answer is (C) inspiration. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When a human is earning money, where are they often found? Answer Choices: (A) deep thought (B) park (C) friend's house (D) place of work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. When a human is earning money, it means they are working. So, where do people usually work? The answer is (D) place of work. The answer is D.\n\nQ: To see new films you must? Answer Choices: (A) open eyes (B) go to movies (C) kick ball (D) make art (E) look for\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you must open your eyes to see anything. Then, you must go to the movies to see new films. So, the correct answer is (B) go to movies. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What might someone do after they finish creating art? Answer Choices: (A) frustration (B) relax (C) eat (D) enlightenment (E) communication\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is performing a type of? Answer Choices: (A) singing (B) act (C) feat (D) smile (E) acting\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, performing is an action that someone does. Next, we need to think about what type of action it is. Is it singing, acting, smiling, or something else? Performing can involve singing or acting, but it is not limited to just those actions. It can also involve dancing, playing an instrument, or any other type of performance. However, the most general and encompassing answer is (E) acting. Performing is a type of acting, as it involves portraying a character or role in front of an audience. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) acting. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: From where does a snowflake form? Answer Choices: (A) cloud (B) snow storm (C) billow (D) air (E) snowstorm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a snowflake forms in the atmosphere. So, we can eliminate options (B) and (E) because they are not specific enough. Next, a snowflake forms in a specific type of cloud. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is too general. This leaves us with options (A) and (C). A billow is a type of cloud, so it is possible that a snowflake could form in a billow. However, the most common type of cloud for snowflake formation is a cumulus cloud. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) cloud. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Danny is having fun just dancing and singing with his friends. He wasn't concerned with things that weren't fun. For him having fun is the same as what? Answer Choices: (A) injuries (B) smiling (C) being happy (D) glee (E) jump\nA: Let's think step by step. Danny is having fun. What does that mean? It means he is enjoying himself. What does it mean to enjoy yourself? It means you are happy and having a good time. So, for Danny, having fun is the same as being happy. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) being happy. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What does an actor do when they are bored of their roles? Answer Choices: (A) mask (B) branch out (C) wear costume (D) pretend (E) sing songs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, an actor is bored of their roles. What can they do to change things up? They could try something new, right? So, which answer choice means trying something new? That's right, \"branch out\" means to try new things. So, the correct answer is (B) branch out. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Everybody began performing once their director stated what? Answer Choices: (A) fear (B) injury (C) happiness (D) action (E) cut\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the director must have given some sort of instruction or command. Then, the performers began doing something. So, the director must have said something that prompted the performers to start performing. Out of the answer choices, the most logical option is (D) action. The director likely said something like \"Action!\" or \"Let's begin!\" to signal the start of the performance. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A car was hailed to chauffeur someone to the opera house, where was it heading? Answer Choices: (A) go downtown (B) appear suddenly (C) go fast (D) bottom out (E) east\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the car was hailed. This means that someone called for the car to come pick them up. Next, the car was going to chauffeur someone. This means that the car was going to drive someone to a specific location. Finally, the location was the opera house. So, the car was heading to the opera house. Answer: The car was heading to the opera house. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do singers need to do before a show? Answer Choices: (A) warm up (B) use microphones (C) clear throats (D) create music (E) sound beautiful\nA: Let's think step by step. First, singers need to warm up their voices. This is important to help prevent strain and injury to their vocal cords. Next, they may need to use microphones to amplify their voices. This is especially important for larger venues or outdoor performances. They may also need to clear their throats to ensure they have a clear and strong voice. Creating music is something that singers do before a show, but it is not necessarily a step they need to take specifically before a show. Lastly, while sounding beautiful is important, it is not something that singers can actively do before a show. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) warm up. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do animals do when an enemy is approaching? Answer Choices: (A) feel pleasure (B) procreate (C) pass water (D) listen to each other (E) sing\nA: Let's think step by step. When an enemy is approaching, animals are likely to feel fear or anxiety. This eliminates option (A) feel pleasure. Option (B) procreate is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to focus on survival rather than reproduction in this situation. Option (C) pass water is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to hold their bladder and focus on the approaching threat. Option (E) sing is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to use their energy to flee or defend themselves rather than sing. This leaves us with option (D) listen to each other. Animals may communicate with each other through vocalizations or body language to warn each other of the approaching enemy. This is a common survival tactic in the animal kingdom. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to each other. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Bill puts meat on the scale, where does Bill work? Answer Choices: (A) music store (B) assay office (C) tidal wave (D) butcher shop (E) bathroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, Bill puts meat on the scale. This means that Bill is handling meat, which is a type of food. Next, we need to think about where someone would handle and sell food. A music store, assay office, tidal wave, and bathroom are all unlikely places for someone to handle and sell food. However, a butcher shop is a place where people work with and sell meat. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) butcher shop. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is performing a type of? Answer Choices: (A) singing (B) act (C) feat (D) smile (E) acting\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What do you call the caretakers of a child? Answer Choices: (A) principal (B) birth (C) loving couple (D) act of sex (E) parents\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the caretakers are responsible for taking care of a child. This eliminates options (A) principal and (D) act of sex. Next, we know that the caretakers are related to the child in some way. This eliminates option (C) loving couple. Finally, we know that the caretakers are the ones who brought the child into the world. This leaves us with options (B) birth and (E) parents. However, option (B) birth does not accurately describe the relationship between the caretakers and the child. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) parents. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: If student got a list of supplies from class like paper and pencils, their parent would have to go where? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) parking garage (C) store (D) backpack (E) cabinet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the student would need to get the list of supplies from class. This would most likely happen in the classroom. Then, the parent would need to go to a place where they can purchase the supplies. This would most likely be a store. So, the correct answer is (C) store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you have a home with a courtyard, what's one thing you probably don't have to care for any longer? Answer Choices: (A) lawn (B) kids (C) asshole (D) spain (E) office complex\nA: Let's think step by step. A courtyard is an outdoor space that is surrounded by walls or buildings. So, if you have a courtyard, you probably don't have to care for a lawn any longer because the walls or buildings would cover the ground and prevent grass from growing. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) lawn. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Children's behavior is a direct reflection of their what? Answer Choices: (A) parents (B) old people (C) play ball (D) many adults (E) grown ups\nA: Let's think step by step. Children's behavior is a direct reflection of their parents. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do you call the caretakers of a child? Answer Choices: (A) principal (B) birth (C) loving couple (D) act of sex (E) parents\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the caretakers are responsible for taking care of a child. This eliminates options (A) principal and (D) act of sex. Next, we know that the caretakers are related to the child in some way. This eliminates option (C) loving couple. Finally, we know that the caretakers are the ones who brought the child into the world. This leaves us with options (B) birth and (E) parents. However, option (B) birth does not accurately describe the relationship between the caretakers and the child. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) parents. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John and Judy were parents.  They had two wonderful kids who weren't always well behaved.  They were light tough, though.  They felt it was a parent's job to do what? Answer Choices: (A) control children (B) guide children (C) speak freely (D) cry (E) understand children\nA: Let's think step by step. John and Judy were parents. They had two wonderful kids who weren't always well behaved. This means that John and Judy had children who were not always well behaved. However, they were light tough, which means that they were not too strict or harsh with their children. So, what did John and Judy feel was a parent's job? They felt that it was a parent's job to guide their children. This means that they believed it was their responsibility to help their children learn and grow, rather than just controlling them or speaking freely without guidance. So, the correct answer is (B) guide children. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where does a maid empty a trash can? Answer Choices: (A) bus stop (B) corner (C) hockey game (D) motel (E) alley\nA: Let's think step by step. A maid is someone who cleans and maintains a house or hotel. So, where would a maid be working? A motel! And where would a trash can be located in a motel? In the room or in the hallway. So, where would a maid empty a trash can? In the motel! The correct answer is (D) motel. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If someone found out their brother was having a daughter, they would have to add a niece limb to the what? Answer Choices: (A) family picture book (B) family reunion (C) brother's house (D) family tree (E) baby shower\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person found out their brother was having a daughter. This means that the brother is going to have a daughter, making the person an aunt or uncle. So, the person would have to add a new family member to their family tree. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) family tree. The answer is D.\n\nQ: When wildlife reproduce we often refer to what comes out as what? Answer Choices: (A) raise children (B) have children (C) photo copy (D) offspring (E) accidently got pregnant somehow\nA: Let's think step by step. When wildlife reproduce, they are creating new life. This new life is often referred to as offspring. So, the answer is (D) offspring. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do you call the caretakers of a child? Answer Choices: (A) principal (B) birth (C) loving couple (D) act of sex (E) parents\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The victim was to take stand today, they were going to do what? Answer Choices: (A) testify (B) runaway (C) witness (D) tell truth (E) go home\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The victim was going to take the stand. What does that mean? Taking the stand means going up to the witness stand in a courtroom to give testimony. So, what do you think the victim was going to do? The correct answer is (A) testify. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man laid on the soft moss and looked up at the trees, where was the man? Answer Choices: (A) niagra falls (B) forest (C) waterfall (D) ground (E) tree\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is laying on soft moss, so he is not on a hard surface like the ground or a waterfall. He is also looking up at trees, so he must be in a place with tall trees. This eliminates options A and C. The man is also able to lay down comfortably, so he is not on a tree. This leaves us with option B, forest, as the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: In a horror movie victims usually trip when the run in order to do what in regards to the killer? Answer Choices: (A) frightened (B) run up stairs (C) get away from (D) go quickly (E) go faster\nA: Let's think step by step. In a horror movie, victims usually trip when they run. Why do they run? They run to get away from the killer. So, the answer is (C) get away from. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you want to kill someone you can do what to them with a gun? Answer Choices: (A) sip through (B) damnation (C) shoot (D) commit crime (E) eat breakfast\nA: Let's think step by step. If you want to kill someone, you can do what to them with a gun? Well, you can shoot them. So the correct answer is (C) shoot. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The victim was to take stand today, they were going to do what? Answer Choices: (A) testify (B) runaway (C) witness (D) tell truth (E) go home\nA: Let's think step by step. The victim was going to take the stand. What does that mean? Taking the stand means going up to the witness stand in a courtroom to give testimony. So, what do you think the victim was going to do? The correct answer is (A) testify. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person needs medical attention. So, he should go to a place where he can receive medical care. That rules out options A, D, and E. Next, he needs immediate help, so he should go to a place where he can get help quickly. That rules out option B. That leaves us with option C, hospital, as the best answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Lawyers often talk in front of an audience where? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) courtroom (C) office building (D) press charges (E) theatre\nA: Let's think step by step. Lawyers are professionals who represent clients in court. So, where do lawyers usually work? They work in a courtroom. So, the answer is (B) courtroom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The weasel ran up away from danger, somebody joked only our first president could get him down from the what? Answer Choices: (A) washington dc (B) ladder (C) natural history museum (D) cherry tree (E) chicken coop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the weasel ran up away from danger. Then, somebody joked that only our first president could get him down from the what? This means that the answer must be something that our first president is known for. The only option that fits this description is (D) cherry tree. George Washington is famously known for chopping down a cherry tree and then admitting to it, saying \"I cannot tell a lie.\" Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cherry tree. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If someone was making breakfast, they'd probably put two slices of bread in the what? Answer Choices: (A) plastic bag (B) pantry (C) supermarket (D) toaster (E) prison\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person would probably get the bread from the pantry or supermarket. Then, they would put the bread in the toaster to toast it. So, the correct answer is (D) toaster. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The victim was to take stand today, they were going to do what? Answer Choices: (A) testify (B) runaway (C) witness (D) tell truth (E) go home\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: A patriotic guy with a camera is looking for a bald eagle, what is he likely to do with the eagle if he finds one? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) canada (C) minnesota (D) thermal (E) photograph\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, the guy is looking for a bald eagle. Bald eagles are typically found in nature, not in cities or thermal areas. They are also not specific to Canada or Minnesota, so those options can be eliminated. This leaves us with option (E) photograph. Since the guy is patriotic, it is likely that he wants to capture a photo of the bald eagle to show his love for his country. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) photograph. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where are you if your bieifcase is going through an x-ray machine? Answer Choices: (A) luggage store (B) courtroom (C) airport (D) office building (E) hand\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you have a briefcase. This is a type of bag that people often use to carry important documents or items. Next, your briefcase is going through an x-ray machine. This is a type of machine that uses radiation to create images of the inside of objects. It is commonly used for security purposes, such as at airports or government buildings. So, the correct answer is (C) airport. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where does a wild bird usually live? Answer Choices: (A) cage (B) sky (C) countryside (D) desert (E) windowsill\nA: Let's think step by step. A wild bird is a bird that is not domesticated or kept in captivity. So, it is not likely to live in a cage (A). Birds are known for flying, so it is possible that they live in the sky (B), but that is not a specific location. The countryside (C) is a more specific location that includes fields, forests, and other natural areas where birds can find food and shelter. The desert (D) is not a suitable habitat for most birds due to the lack of water and resources. A windowsill (E) is a man-made structure and not a natural habitat for wild birds. Therefore, the most likely answer is (C) countryside. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What would you do to a rock when climb up a cliff? Answer Choices: (A) grab (B) look down (C) throw (D) falling (E) may fall\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would grab onto the rock to help pull yourself up. Then, you might look down to check your progress or to see how far you have left to climb. You would not throw the rock, as that could be dangerous for anyone below you. Falling is a possibility, but hopefully you would not fall if you are properly secured with ropes and safety equipment. So, the best answer would be (A) grab. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you're buying beer for a float trip what are you preparing to do? Answer Choices: (A) get arrested (B) have fun (C) get sick (D) spend money (E) stupidity\nA: Let's think step by step. You're buying beer, which is an alcoholic beverage, so it's safe to assume that you're preparing to consume it. The context of a float trip suggests that you're going on a recreational activity, most likely involving a body of water. So, the most logical answer would be (B) have fun. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A mountie got off at a subway stop.  What city might he be in? Answer Choices: (A) urban area (B) metropolis (C) chicago (D) new york city (E) toronto\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the mountie got off at a subway stop. This means that he is in a city with a subway system. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) urban area is too broad and could refer to any city with a population of over 50,000. (B) metropolis is also too broad and could refer to any large city. (C) Chicago and (D) New York City are both large cities with subway systems, but they are located in the United States. The mountie is more likely to be in a city in Canada, since mounties are the national police force of Canada. This leaves us with (E) Toronto, which is the capital city of the province of Ontario and has a well-developed subway system. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) Toronto. The answer is E.\n\nQ: A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf, what is he likely to have? Answer Choices: (A) club (B) assembly hall (C) meditation center (D) meeting (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf. So, he is going to play golf. What do you need to play golf? You need a club. So, the answer is (A) club. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A patriotic guy with a camera is looking for a bald eagle, what is he likely to do with the eagle if he finds one? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) canada (C) minnesota (D) thermal (E) photograph\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the guy is looking for a bald eagle. Bald eagles are typically found in nature, not in cities or thermal areas. They are also not specific to Canada or Minnesota, so those options can be eliminated. This leaves us with option (E) photograph. Since the guy is patriotic, it is likely that he wants to capture a photo of the bald eagle to show his love for his country. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) photograph. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Though a mouse might prefer your house, you might also see him where? Answer Choices: (A) tin (B) department store (C) garden (D) small hole (E) cupboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the sentence says \"Though a mouse might prefer your house\". This means that the mouse would rather be in your house than somewhere else. Next, the sentence says \"you might also see him where?\" This means that the mouse could be seen in other places besides your house. So, the correct answer would be (C) garden, (D) small hole, or (E) cupboard. These are all places where a mouse could potentially be seen. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A patriotic guy with a camera is looking for a bald eagle, what is he likely to do with the eagle if he finds one? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) canada (C) minnesota (D) thermal (E) photograph\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: She wanted to get in shape, but she couldn't stay focused on the hour long what? Answer Choices: (A) sweating (B) excercise (C) work out (D) video (E) swim\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. She wanted to get in shape, but she couldn't stay focused on the hour long what? She wanted to get in shape, so she must have been doing some kind of physical activity. The answer choices are (A) sweating, (B) exercise, (C) work out, (D) video, and (E) swim. Out of these options, (B) exercise and (C) work out seem to be the most relevant to getting in shape. (A) sweating is a result of exercise, (D) video could be a type of exercise, but it's not specified, and (E) swim could also be a type of exercise, but it's not specified either. So, the most likely answer is (C) work out. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Sally used a clipboard to hold her papers while she read off names at the beginning of the day.  Where might she work? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) windows 95 (C) office supply store (D) see work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Sally is using a clipboard to hold papers. This suggests that she has a lot of papers to keep track of and needs a portable surface to write on. 2. She is also reading off names, which could indicate that she is checking attendance or taking roll call. 3. This activity is happening at the beginning of the day, which could suggest that she is starting a work day or a school day. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (E) school. Sally could be a teacher or an administrative staff member at a school, using the clipboard to take attendance or keep track of important documents. The other answer choices do not fit as well with the given information. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: She wanted to get in shape, but she couldn't stay focused on the hour long what? Answer Choices: (A) sweating (B) excercise (C) work out (D) video (E) swim\nA: Let's think step by step. She wanted to get in shape, but she couldn't stay focused on the hour long what? She wanted to get in shape, so she must have been doing some kind of physical activity. The answer choices are (A) sweating, (B) exercise, (C) work out, (D) video, and (E) swim. Out of these options, (B) exercise and (C) work out seem to be the most relevant to getting in shape. (A) sweating is a result of exercise, (D) video could be a type of exercise, but it's not specified, and (E) swim could also be a type of exercise, but it's not specified either. So, the most likely answer is (C) work out. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The woman is watching television and trying to forget her day, what is her goal? Answer Choices: (A) entertainment (B) falling asleep (C) getting fat (D) crying (E) relaxation\nA: Let's think step by step. The woman is watching television. Why? To forget her day. So, her goal is to forget her day. What is the purpose of watching television? To forget her day. So, her goal is to forget her day. What is the purpose of forgetting her day? To relax. So, her goal is relaxation. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) relaxation. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Seeing idea become reality was a dream of hers for a long time, but as the time came to get on stage she had more what? Answer Choices: (A) build (B) anxiety (C) celebrate (D) very nice (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. The first part of the sentence says \"Seeing idea become reality was a dream of hers for a long time.\" This means that the person has been dreaming of this moment for a long time. So, when the time finally came to get on stage, she would feel a sense of accomplishment and excitement. However, the second part of the sentence says \"she had more what?\" This means that there is a contrast between her initial feelings and her current feelings. So, the correct answer would be something that is opposite of excitement and accomplishment. Out of the given options, only \"anxiety\" fits this description. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) anxiety. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Jane works for the government as a senator, where does she spend a lot of time? Answer Choices: (A) capitol building (B) everything (C) washington d.c (D) russia (E) canada\nA: Let's think step by step. Jane works for the government as a senator. So, she is a government employee. Now, where does she work? She works in the government building. So, she spends a lot of time in the capitol building. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) capitol building. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Her voice lent her to the alto section, what group did she join? Answer Choices: (A) symphony (B) concerto (C) choir (D) theater troupe (E) marching band\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what the sentence is saying. It is saying that her voice allowed her to join the alto section. So, we can eliminate options (B), (D), and (E) because they do not involve singing. Next, we need to understand what an alto section is. An alto section is a group of singers who sing in the alto range, which is lower than soprano but higher than tenor. So, the correct answer must involve singing and have an alto section. This leaves us with options (A) and (C). A symphony is a large orchestra that plays classical music, so it does not involve singing. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) choir. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He was at the gym trying to build muscle, what is it called that he is trying to build muscle on? Answer Choices: (A) body of animal (B) arm (C) bodybuilder (D) body of dog (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. He is at the gym. 2. He is trying to build muscle. 3. What is he trying to build muscle on? Based on the context, the answer would be the human body. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What could you use to fill a cup and then drink from it? Answer Choices: (A) sand box (B) kitchen cabinet (C) waterfall (D) water fountain (E) table\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to fill the cup. Which of the answer choices has something that can fill a cup? A sand box, a kitchen cabinet, a waterfall, a water fountain, or a table? The only answer choice that has something that can fill a cup is a water fountain. So, we can eliminate options A, B, C, and E. Now, we need to find something that we can drink from. Can we drink from a sand box, a kitchen cabinet, a waterfall, or a table? No, we cannot. The only option left is a water fountain, which has a spout or faucet that we can use to drink from. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) water fountain. The answer is D.\n\nQ: She wanted to get in shape, but she couldn't stay focused on the hour long what? Answer Choices: (A) sweating (B) excercise (C) work out (D) video (E) swim\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: How can a human cross a river and not mess up their hair? Answer Choices: (A) wisconsin (B) waterfall (C) hatred (D) bridge (E) valley\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify the obstacle mentioned in the question - a river. The answer choices are (A) Wisconsin, (B) waterfall, (C) hatred, (D) bridge, and (E) valley. Out of these options, only (B) waterfall and (D) bridge are related to crossing a river. However, the question specifically mentions not messing up one's hair. This suggests that the person wants to cross the river without getting wet. The only option that allows for this is (D) bridge. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) bridge. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The landscaper was carefully arching stones together, he was creating an elaborate what over the creek? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) made from rocks (C) balloon (D) field (E) bridge\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the landscaper is arching stones together. This means that he is arranging the stones in a curved shape. Next, he is creating something over the creek. This means that he is building something that goes over the creek. So, the correct answer is (E) bridge. The landscaper is creating an elaborate bridge over the creek. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous and can lead to serious head and what? Answer Choices: (A) going somewhere (B) splats (C) cancer (D) getting wet (E) spinal injuries\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous. This means that there is a risk of harm or injury involved. Next, we know that this can lead to serious head and what? The word \"and\" suggests that the second thing is related to the first thing. So, we can infer that the second thing is also a type of harm or injury that can result from diving into backyard pools. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) going somewhere does not make sense in this context. (B) splats is not a type of harm or injury. (C) cancer is a serious health condition, but it is not directly related to diving into backyard pools. (D) getting wet is not a type of harm or injury. (E) spinal injuries, on the other hand, are a type of harm or injury that can result from diving into backyard pools. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spinal injuries. The answer is E.\n\nQ: For many males hair is a concern as they get older, it begins to what, causing a receding hairline? Answer Choices: (A) thin out (B) grow in ear (C) fall out (D) bulge (E) composted\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify the concern for many males as they get older. The question mentions hair, so we can eliminate options B and E. The question also mentions a receding hairline, so we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with options A and C. The question also mentions that the concern is related to getting older, so we can eliminate option A, which suggests thinning hair as a concern for all ages. This leaves us with option C, which suggests hair falling out as a concern for aging males. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) fall out. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The smelly man was having a bath, but what is he pursuing? Answer Choices: (A) hydration (B) being clear (C) personal cleanliness (D) will drown (E) use of water\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is having a bath, which means he is using water. The question asks what he is pursuing, which means what is his goal or intention. So, what is the purpose of using water in this situation? It is most likely for personal cleanliness, as taking a bath is a common way to clean oneself. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) personal cleanliness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: How would you get from one side of a canal to another? Answer Choices: (A) michigan (B) amsterdam (C) venice (D) bridge (E) barges to travel on\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine where the canal is located. The answer choices give us some clues - Michigan is a state in the United States, Amsterdam is a city in the Netherlands, Venice is a city in Italy, and a bridge is a structure that can be found in many places. However, the most likely answer is C) Venice, since it is known for its many canals. Now, how would we get from one side of a canal to another in Venice? The most common way is by using a bridge. Venice has over 400 bridges connecting its many canals, so it is likely that there would be a bridge nearby to cross. Another option could be to take a boat or barge to travel across the canal. In Venice, there are also water taxis and gondolas that can take you from one side to the other. In conclusion, the most likely answer is D) bridge, but E) barges to travel on could also be a possible option depending on the location and circumstances. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The business men left the discussion in the dressing room, now they just wanted to relax in the sauna of the what? Answer Choices: (A) brush hair (B) theater (C) house (D) dwelling (E) bathhouse\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the business men left the discussion in the dressing room. Then, they wanted to relax. So, what kind of place would they go to relax? The answer choices are: brush hair, theater, house, dwelling, and bathhouse. Out of these options, the most likely place for them to relax would be a bathhouse. So, the answer is (E) bathhouse. The answer is E.\n\nQ: You should watch out for snakes if floating down what African body of water? Answer Choices: (A) wet grass (B) western texas (C) high grass (D) amazon river (E) tree\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify the African body of water mentioned in the question. The answer choices are (A) wet grass, (B) western Texas, (C) high grass, (D) Amazon River, and (E) tree. Out of these options, only (D) Amazon River is an African body of water. So, we can eliminate the other options. Now, we need to think about what animals are commonly found in the Amazon River. One of the most well-known animals in the Amazon is the anaconda, a type of snake. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) Amazon River. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If it's not used for hair a round brush is an example of what? Answer Choices: (A) hair brush (B) ladies bathroom (C) art supplies (D) shower (E) hair salon\nA: Let's think step by step. A round brush is not used for hair, so we can eliminate option (A) hair brush and option (E) hair salon. It is also not typically found in a ladies bathroom, so we can eliminate option (B) ladies bathroom. It is not used in the shower, so we can eliminate option (D) shower. This leaves us with option (C) art supplies, which is the correct answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: How can a human cross a river and not mess up their hair? Answer Choices: (A) wisconsin (B) waterfall (C) hatred (D) bridge (E) valley\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: After he got hired he hoped for success at his what? Answer Choices: (A) vocation (B) new job (C) michigan (D) working hard (E) manual\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, the person got hired. This means that they were offered a job and accepted it. Next, they hoped for success. This means that they wanted to do well in their new job. So, what is the thing that they hoped for success in? It is their new job. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) new job. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He wanted to live somewhere were every yard was uniform in size and landscaping, where should he look for a house? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) three feet (C) subdivision (D) parking garage (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wants to live somewhere where every yard is uniform in size and landscaping. This means that all the yards should be the same size and have the same type of landscaping. This is most likely to be found in a subdivision, where all the houses are built by the same developer and have similar features. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) subdivision. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When you fail to finish something, you failed at doing what to it Answer Choices: (A) winning (B) passing (C) completing (D) do well (E) succeeding\nA: Let's think step by step. When you fail to finish something, it means you did not complete it. So, the correct answer is (C) completing. The answer is C.\n\nQ: It takes ambition to complete a job, but the first step is to what? Answer Choices: (A) take care of proposals (B) begin work (C) in charge of project (D) eat cake (E) go to school\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to have ambition. Then, what is the first thing you need to do in order to complete a job? The answer is to begin work. So, the correct answer is (B) begin work. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man didn't do great in college, all his best memories were late night with his brothers at the what? Answer Choices: (A) big city (B) fraternity house (C) school (D) building (E) big town\nA: Let's think step by step. The man didn't do great in college, so he probably didn't have a lot of academic success. This means that his best memories probably didn't come from studying or attending classes. Instead, his best memories were late night with his brothers. This suggests that he had a close group of friends or a community that he enjoyed spending time with. The answer choices are (A) big city, (B) fraternity house, (C) school, (D) building, and (E) big town. Out of these options, the best answer is (B) fraternity house. This is because a fraternity house is a place where a group of male students live together and form a close bond. Late nights with his brothers at the fraternity house would be a common and likely enjoyable experience for the man. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Who is a police officer likely to work for? Answer Choices: (A) beat (B) direct traffic (C) city (D) street (E) president\nA: Let's think step by step. A police officer is a person who works in law enforcement and is responsible for maintaining public order and safety. They are typically employed by a government agency, such as a city or state police department. So, the correct answer is (C) city. The answer is C.\n\nQ: In the building where James worked there was a small mezzanine in the auditorium to make more space for seats.  Where might James work? Answer Choices: (A) theater (B) floors (C) concert hall (D) education (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. James works in a building. The building has an auditorium. In the auditorium, there is a small mezzanine. The purpose of the mezzanine is to make more space for seats. Based on this information, we can infer that James works in a place where there are performances or events that require an auditorium. This could be a theater, concert hall, or school. However, since the mezzanine was built to make more space for seats, it is more likely that James works in a theater or concert hall where there are larger audiences. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) theater or (C) concert hall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) cookie (C) stock market (D) real estate (E) treasure chest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man came from old money and had a fortune. This means that he was already wealthy. Next, we know that he made new money. This means that he increased his wealth. How did he do this? By making shrewd trades. This means that he was smart and strategic in his business dealings. Now, we need to figure out where he made these trades. The answer choices are: (A) eat cake, (B) cookie, (C) stock market, (D) real estate, and (E) treasure chest. We can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not logical places to make trades. Option (E) is also unlikely because a treasure chest is not a common place for business transactions. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). The stock market is a common place for people to make trades and increase their wealth, so this is the most likely answer. Real estate is also a possibility, but it is less likely because it is not explicitly mentioned in the sentence. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stock market. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a salesman responsible to do at work? Answer Choices: (A) traveling to chicago (B) get fired (C) books (D) sell products (E) service account\nA: Let's think step by step. A salesman is someone who sells products or services to customers. So, what would a salesman be responsible for at work? They would be responsible for selling products or services, right? So, the correct answer is (D) sell products. The answer is D.\n\nQ: After he got hired he hoped for success at his what? Answer Choices: (A) vocation (B) new job (C) michigan (D) working hard (E) manual\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: After the weight cut he was worried about his energy levels, but this was part of participating in a what? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) wrestle (C) play sports (D) matter (E) sleep\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, he was worried about his energy levels. Why? Because of the weight cut. What is a weight cut? It is a process of losing weight quickly in order to meet a certain weight requirement for a competition. So, what is the competition he is participating in? It is a wrestling competition. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) wrestle. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The landscaper was carefully arching stones together, he was creating an elaborate what over the creek? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) made from rocks (C) balloon (D) field (E) bridge\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the landscaper is arching stones together. This means that he is arranging the stones in a curved shape. Next, he is creating something over the creek. This means that he is building something that goes over the creek. So, the correct answer is (E) bridge. The landscaper is creating an elaborate bridge over the creek. The answer is E.\n\nQ: After the weight cut he was worried about his energy levels, but this was part of participating in a what? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) wrestle (C) play sports (D) matter (E) sleep\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he was worried about his energy levels. Why? Because of the weight cut. What is a weight cut? It is a process of losing weight quickly in order to meet a certain weight requirement for a competition. So, what is the competition he is participating in? It is a wrestling competition. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) wrestle. The answer is B.\n\nQ: A person with digestion issues eats a meat-filled breakfast, what does he feel? Answer Choices: (A) heartburn (B) overeating (C) happiness (D) being satisfied (E) gain energy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person has digestion issues. This means that their digestive system is not functioning properly and they may experience discomfort or pain after eating certain foods. Next, they eat a meat-filled breakfast. Meat can be difficult to digest, especially for someone with digestion issues. Therefore, the person may feel discomfort or pain in their stomach after eating the meat-filled breakfast. This discomfort is commonly known as heartburn. So, the correct answer is (A) heartburn. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What was the man encouraged to do after he expressed his anger violently? Answer Choices: (A) cool off (B) punch (C) illustrate point (D) fight (E) release energy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man expressed his anger violently. This means that he showed his anger in a strong and aggressive way. Next, what do you think he should do after that? Should he continue to be angry and violent? No, that would not be a good idea. Instead, he should do something to calm down and relax. This is what we call \"cooling off.\" So, the correct answer is (A) cool off. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The trucker plopped on the bench with a sense of relief, where did he arrive? Answer Choices: (A) bordello (B) rest area (C) garden (D) bus stop (E) state park\nA: Let's think step by step. The trucker \"plopped on the bench\" - this suggests that he was tired and needed to rest. He also felt a \"sense of relief\" - this suggests that he was happy to have arrived at this place. So, where could he have arrived that would make him feel relieved and want to rest? A bordello (a brothel) is unlikely, as that would not be a place for rest. A garden is also unlikely, as it would not have a bench for him to sit on. A bus stop is possible, but it would not necessarily provide a sense of relief. A state park is also possible, but it would depend on the specific park and the trucker's experience there. The most likely answer is (B) rest area, as this is a designated place for travelers to stop and rest. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Why did the heavy metal band need electricity at the stadium? Answer Choices: (A) concert (B) bedroom (C) make person sick (D) building (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the heavy metal band is performing at a stadium. This means that they are most likely having a concert. So, the answer is (A) concert. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He was at the gym trying to build muscle, what is it called that he is trying to build muscle on? Answer Choices: (A) body of animal (B) arm (C) bodybuilder (D) body of dog (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. He is at the gym. 2. He is trying to build muscle. 3. What is he trying to build muscle on? Based on the context, the answer would be the human body. The answer is E.\n\nQ: They were getting ready for a really long hike, he put the food can in his what? Answer Choices: (A) cabinet (B) house (C) recycling center (D) backpack (E) make person sick\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they were getting ready for a really long hike. Then, he put the food can in his... what? It wouldn't make sense to put the food can in a cabinet or house, as they were preparing for a hike. It also wouldn't make sense to put it in a recycling center, as that is a place for recycling, not storing food. So, the most logical answer is (D) backpack, as they were getting ready for a hike and a backpack is a common item to bring on a hike to carry supplies. (E) make person sick is not a possible answer, as it is not a location or object. The answer is D.\n\nQ: After the weight cut he was worried about his energy levels, but this was part of participating in a what? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) wrestle (C) play sports (D) matter (E) sleep\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where can you get a lizard to keep in your home? Answer Choices: (A) desert country (B) dessert (C) pet shop (D) tropical areas (E) zoo\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells lizards as pets. This rules out options A, B, and D, as they are not specific locations where you can purchase a lizard. Option E, the zoo, may have lizards, but they are not typically sold as pets. This leaves us with option C, the pet shop, as the most likely answer. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: If student got a list of supplies from class like paper and pencils, their parent would have to go where? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) parking garage (C) store (D) backpack (E) cabinet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the student would need to get the list of supplies from class. This would most likely happen in the classroom. Then, the parent would need to go to a place where they can purchase the supplies. This would most likely be a store. So, the correct answer is (C) store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Bob the lizard lives in a warm place with lots of water.  Where does he probably live? Answer Choices: (A) rock (B) tropical rainforest (C) jazz club (D) new mexico (E) rocky places\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Bob the lizard lives in a warm place. This eliminates options (A) rock and (E) rocky places, as these are not typically warm environments. 2. Bob the lizard also lives with lots of water. This eliminates option (D) New Mexico, as it is a desert region with limited water sources. 3. This leaves us with options (B) tropical rainforest and (C) jazz club. While it is possible for lizards to live in a jazz club (especially if it has a tropical theme), it is more likely that Bob lives in a natural environment. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) tropical rainforest. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you do when you're going to market? Answer Choices: (A) buy food (B) see other people (C) buying vegetables (D) buy a fat pig (E) traveling\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to the market, what is the main purpose? It is to buy things, right? So, the correct answer would be (A) buy food. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The person wasn't bothered by the weather, she had remembered to bring her what? Answer Choices: (A) read book (B) own house (C) apartment (D) more rice (E) warm coat\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wasn't bothered by the weather. This means that the weather was not affecting her negatively. So, what could she have brought that would help her not be bothered by the weather? The answer is (E) warm coat. A warm coat would protect her from the cold and keep her comfortable in the weather. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where can you find a place to eat in an urban area close to local nightlife? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) downtown (C) mall (D) shopping center (E) own house\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find an urban area. An urban area is a city or town that is highly populated and has a lot of buildings and businesses. So, the answer cannot be (E) own house. Next, we need to find a place close to local nightlife. Local nightlife refers to the entertainment and social activities that take place in a specific area, usually at night. This means we need to find a place in the city that is close to where people go out at night. This eliminates (C) mall and (D) shopping center. Finally, we need to find a place to eat. While you can find places to eat in all of the options, the best answer would be (B) downtown. Downtown areas in cities often have a variety of restaurants and are close to local nightlife. So, the best answer is (B) downtown. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you find a toy soldier that is being played with? Answer Choices: (A) toy box (B) movies (C) child's hand (D) toybos (E) child park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a toy soldier is a type of toy. So, it would make sense that it would be found in a place where toys are kept or played with. This eliminates options B and E. Next, we know that the toy soldier is being played with, so it would likely be in the possession of a child. This eliminates option D. Finally, we know that the child is actively playing with the toy soldier, so it would most likely be in their hand. This leaves us with option C, child's hand, as the correct answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where can you get a lizard to keep in your home? Answer Choices: (A) desert country (B) dessert (C) pet shop (D) tropical areas (E) zoo\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells lizards as pets. This rules out options A, B, and D, as they are not specific locations where you can purchase a lizard. Option E, the zoo, may have lizards, but they are not typically sold as pets. This leaves us with option C, the pet shop, as the most likely answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you keep an ottoman near your front door? Answer Choices: (A) living room (B) parlor (C) furniture store (D) basement (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an ottoman? An ottoman is a piece of furniture that is typically used as a footstool or for extra seating. It is usually placed in a living room or family room. So, the answer would be (A) living room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where can you get a lizard to keep in your home? Answer Choices: (A) desert country (B) dessert (C) pet shop (D) tropical areas (E) zoo\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What do most companies not want to have relative to demand? Answer Choices: (A) oversupply (B) plentitude (C) stockpile (D) superabundance (E) busy\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Companies want to have enough supply to meet demand, but they do not want to have too much supply. So, what is the opposite of having too much supply? It is having too little supply. Therefore, the answer is (A) oversupply. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is hard to read note likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) fridge (B) sheet music (C) desk (D) bed (E) medical chart\nA: Let's think step by step. A hard to read note is likely to be in a place where it is not easily accessible or visible. It could also be in a place where it is not meant to be read by others. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (E) medical chart. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is used to grind wheat for bread? Answer Choices: (A) farmer's field (B) countryside (C) cereal packets (D) bread (E) mill\nA: Let's think step by step. First, wheat needs to be ground. What is used to grind things? A mill! So the answer is (E) mill. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Why do most people take a quick rest during the day? Answer Choices: (A) need to (B) hungry (C) feel more energetic (D) weak (E) regenerate\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"take a quick rest\" means. It means to take a short break or nap. Next, we need to think about why someone would need to take a quick rest during the day. One possible reason is because they are feeling tired or fatigued. Another reason could be because they have been working or studying for a long period of time and need a break to recharge. Based on these reasons, the most likely answer is (C) feel more energetic. People often take a quick rest during the day to regain their energy and feel more alert and focused. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do most companies not want to have relative to demand? Answer Choices: (A) oversupply (B) plentitude (C) stockpile (D) superabundance (E) busy\nA: Let's think step by step. Companies want to have enough supply to meet demand, but they do not want to have too much supply. So, what is the opposite of having too much supply? It is having too little supply. Therefore, the answer is (A) oversupply. The answer is A.\n\nQ: They kept doing things the same, she suggested they also try doing things what? Answer Choices: (A) differently (B) otherwise (C) expensive (D) only (E) mere\nA: Let's think step by step. The sentence says \"They kept doing things the same.\" This means that they were doing things in the same way, without changing anything. The word \"same\" is the key here. So, what do you think the answer is? If you said \"differently,\" you are correct! The sentence is suggesting that they try doing things differently, or in a different way. This will help them to improve and make progress. The other answer choices do not make sense in the context of the sentence. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where are people likely to become impatient? Answer Choices: (A) end of line (B) buildings (C) apartment (D) neighbor's house (E) address\nA: Let's think step by step. People are likely to become impatient when they are waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (B), (C), and (E) because they do not involve waiting. Option (D) is also unlikely because it is specific to a neighbor's house and may not apply to everyone. This leaves us with option (A), end of line, as the most likely answer. People waiting in line often become impatient, especially if the line is long or moving slowly. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A loud machine is irritating, but many are expected where? Answer Choices: (A) museum (B) house (C) laboratory (D) library (E) industrial area\nA: Let's think step by step. A loud machine is irritating. So, we can eliminate (A) museum, (B) house, (D) library. Because these places are not expected to have loud machines. Now, we are left with (C) laboratory and (E) industrial area. A laboratory is a place where experiments are conducted, so it is not expected to have loud machines. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) industrial area. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When cooking sheep meat a lot of people might want to be well? Answer Choices: (A) ram (B) lamb (C) done (D) ram (E) wolf\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we are cooking sheep meat. So, we need to choose an answer that relates to sheep. Option A, ram, is a male sheep, so it is not the correct answer. Option B, lamb, is a young sheep, so it is also not the correct answer. Option D, ram, is the same as option A, so it is not the correct answer either. Option E, wolf, is not related to sheep at all, so it is not the correct answer. That leaves us with option C, done. When cooking meat, we want it to be well done, or fully cooked. So, the correct answer is (C) done. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The department to where vendors deliver goods for sale is called what? Answer Choices: (A) delivered (B) take away (C) receiving (D) pick up (E) keep\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the department is where vendors deliver goods for sale. So, the department is the place where the goods are delivered. Next, we need to think about what happens to the goods after they are delivered. They are received by someone or something. So, the correct answer is (C) receiving. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do most companies not want to have relative to demand? Answer Choices: (A) oversupply (B) plentitude (C) stockpile (D) superabundance (E) busy\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Aside from water and nourishment what does your dog need? Answer Choices: (A) bone (B) charm (C) petted (D) lots of attention (E) walked\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking for something that a dog needs aside from water and nourishment. So, we can eliminate options (A) bone and (B) charm because they are not essential needs for a dog. Next, we can eliminate option (C) petted because while dogs do enjoy being petted, it is not a necessary need. This leaves us with options (D) lots of attention and (E) walked. Both of these options could be considered needs for a dog, but option (E) walked is a more specific and necessary need for a dog's physical and mental well-being. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) walked. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: what do you fill with ink to write? Answer Choices: (A) squid (B) fountain pen (C) pencil case (D) newspaper (E) printer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to write something. What do we use to write? We use a writing tool, such as a pen or pencil. So, we can eliminate options (A), (D), and (E) because they are not writing tools. Next, we need to fill something with ink. What do we fill with ink? We fill a pen with ink. So, the correct answer is (B) fountain pen. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? Answer Choices: (A) start fighting (B) play (C) lots of attention (D) petted (E) bone\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you have to approach the dog. Then, you have to reach out your hand. Next, you have to gently touch the dog's fur. Finally, you have to move your hand back and forth. Based on these steps, the correct answer is (D) petted. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does a successful dog grooming session likely to make a owner feel? Answer Choices: (A) cleanliness (B) mistakes (C) growth (D) satisfaction (E) late\nA: Let's think step by step. A successful dog grooming session is likely to make an owner feel satisfied. Why? Because the dog is clean and well-groomed, which brings a sense of cleanliness and satisfaction to the owner. The owner may also feel a sense of growth, as they have successfully completed a task and improved their grooming skills. They are unlikely to feel mistakes, unless something went wrong during the session. They may also feel a sense of being late if they were running behind schedule, but this is not a likely feeling associated with a successful grooming session. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) satisfaction. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The smelly man was having a bath, but what is he pursuing? Answer Choices: (A) hydration (B) being clear (C) personal cleanliness (D) will drown (E) use of water\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is having a bath, which means he is using water. The question asks what he is pursuing, which means what is his goal or intention. So, what is the purpose of using water in this situation? It is most likely for personal cleanliness, as taking a bath is a common way to clean oneself. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) personal cleanliness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you have a ticket and you are planning to eat hot dogs, where would you go? Answer Choices: (A) lottery (B) person's hand (C) baseball stadium (D) movie (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that we have a ticket, so we are most likely going to an event or place that requires a ticket for entry. Next, we know that we are planning to eat hot dogs, so we can eliminate options like the lottery and a movie, as those do not typically offer hot dogs. This leaves us with options (B), (C), and (E). A person's hand is not a likely place to find hot dogs, so we can eliminate that option. This leaves us with (C) baseball stadium and (E) kitchen. While it is possible to eat hot dogs in a kitchen, it is more likely that we would go to a baseball stadium to eat hot dogs, as they are a popular food at sporting events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) baseball stadium. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) ready parlor for guests (C) welcome guests (D) work room (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. The hostess was good at her job. What was her job? Her job was to welcome guests. So, the answer is (C) welcome guests. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a treat that you dog will enjoy? Answer Choices: (A) salad (B) petted (C) affection (D) bone (E) lots of attention\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking for a treat that a dog will enjoy. So, we can eliminate options (A) salad and (B) petted because they are not typically considered treats for dogs. Next, we can eliminate option (C) affection because while dogs do enjoy affection, it is not typically considered a treat. This leaves us with options (D) bone and (E) lots of attention. Both of these options could be considered treats for dogs, but option (D) bone is a more specific and common treat for dogs. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) bone. The answer is D.\n\nQ: To get clean clothes you to what to them? Answer Choices: (A) get dirty (B) writing (C) use water (D) launder (E) soap\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to put your dirty clothes in the washing machine. Then, you need to add soap or detergent to the machine. Next, you need to turn on the machine and let it fill with water. After that, you need to select the appropriate cycle and let the machine do its job. Finally, when the cycle is finished, you need to take out your clean clothes and put them in the dryer or hang them to dry. So, to get clean clothes, you need to launder them. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) launder. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Aside from water and nourishment what does your dog need? Answer Choices: (A) bone (B) charm (C) petted (D) lots of attention (E) walked\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Who is likely to be excited about a crab? Answer Choices: (A) fish market (B) pet shop (C) fishmongers (D) intertidal zone (E) obesity\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that a crab is an animal. So, we can eliminate answer choice (E) obesity because it is not a person or a place. Next, we can eliminate answer choices (A), (C), and (D) because they are not people. This leaves us with answer choice (B) pet shop. People who work at pet shops are likely to be excited about animals, including crabs. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) pet shop. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where do all animals live? Answer Choices: (A) the moon (B) fairgrounds (C) surface of earth (D) meadow (E) zoos\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options A and B because animals cannot live on the moon or at fairgrounds. Next, we can eliminate option E because not all animals live in zoos. This leaves us with options C and D. While some animals may live in meadows, not all animals do. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) surface of earth. The answer is C.\n\nQ: How is a child eager to be going to play likely to get there? Answer Choices: (A) slowly (B) rush (C) being entertained (D) have fun (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the child is eager to play. This means that the child is excited and can't wait to start playing. Next, the question asks how the child is likely to get there. This means that we need to think about how the child will physically get to the place where they will play. The answer choices are (A) slowly, (B) rush, (C) being entertained, (D) have fun, and (E) enjoyment. Out of these choices, the best answer is (B) rush. This is because if the child is eager to play, they will most likely want to get there quickly so they can start having fun. They may even run or move quickly to get there faster. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The child may have fun and enjoy themselves once they get there, but that is not related to how they physically get there. Being entertained also does not make sense because the child is not being entertained while they are on their way to play. Finally, slowly does not make sense because the child is eager and excited, so they would not want to move slowly. Therefore, the best answer is (B) rush. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do you do when you're going to market? Answer Choices: (A) buy food (B) see other people (C) buying vegetables (D) buy a fat pig (E) traveling\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to the market, what is the main purpose? It is to buy things, right? So, the correct answer would be (A) buy food. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Janet was watching the film because she liked what? Answer Choices: (A) erection (B) laughter (C) being entertained (D) fear (E) bordem\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Janet was watching a film. This means that she was looking at a movie or video. Next, we know that she was watching the film because she liked something. This means that she enjoyed or found pleasure in something about the film. Finally, we are given five answer choices: erection, laughter, being entertained, fear, and boredom. Out of these choices, the most likely answer is (C) being entertained. This is because watching a film is a form of entertainment, and it is common for people to watch films because they enjoy being entertained by them. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Seafood restaurants are used to draw tourists where? Answer Choices: (A) maine (B) shoe shop (C) city (D) boston (E) coastal cities\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Seafood restaurants are used to draw tourists. 2. Where are tourists usually drawn to? 3. Tourists are usually drawn to places that are popular or have something unique to offer. 4. Seafood restaurants are usually found in coastal cities or areas near the ocean. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Crabs live in what sort of environment? Answer Choices: (A) maritime (B) bodies of water (C) saltwater (D) galapagos (E) fish market\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that crabs are animals. So, we can eliminate answer choices (D) and (E) because they are not environments. Next, we know that crabs are typically found near the ocean. So, we can eliminate answer choice (D) because it is a specific location and not an environment. This leaves us with answer choices (A), (B), and (C). All of these answer choices are related to the ocean, but only one specifically mentions saltwater, which is the type of water found in the ocean. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) saltwater. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you buy food? Answer Choices: (A) freezer (B) store (C) home (D) hatred (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what we are buying. The question says \"food,\" so we can eliminate options A, C, and E because they are not places where you can buy food. Option D, \"hatred,\" is also not a place where you can buy food. That leaves us with option B, \"store.\" A store is a place where you can buy food, so that is the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Who is likely to be excited about a crab? Answer Choices: (A) fish market (B) pet shop (C) fishmongers (D) intertidal zone (E) obesity\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Danny found that the carpet did not ,match the drapes, which was disappointing, because this place was expensive.  But it was the only place in town that wasn't booked solid for the week and he needed it while he was in town, so he couldn't complain.   Where might this place be? Answer Choices: (A) brothel (B) restaurant (C) building (D) bowling alley (E) at hotel\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Danny needed a place to stay while he was in town, and this place was expensive. However, it was the only place in town that wasn't booked solid for the week, so it was likely a popular destination. The phrase \"the carpet did not match the drapes\" is often used to describe a mismatch in appearance, so it's possible that this place was not well-maintained or had a strange design. Out of the given options, the most likely answer is (E) at a hotel. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is there a telephone book in almost every room? Answer Choices: (A) at hotel (B) house (C) library (D) bedsit (E) closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's think about where we usually find telephone books. Telephone books are usually found in places where people might need to make phone calls, such as hotels, houses, libraries, and bedsits. Next, let's think about which of these places might have a telephone book in almost every room. A hotel might have a telephone book in every room, but it's not guaranteed. A house might have a telephone book in every room, but it depends on the owner. A library might have a telephone book in every room, but it's not very common. A bedsit is a small apartment, so it's unlikely to have a telephone book in every room. Therefore, the most likely answer is (A) at a hotel. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He wanted to live somewhere were every yard was uniform in size and landscaping, where should he look for a house? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) three feet (C) subdivision (D) parking garage (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wants to live somewhere where every yard is uniform in size and landscaping. This means that all the yards should be the same size and have the same type of landscaping. This is most likely to be found in a subdivision, where all the houses are built by the same developer and have similar features. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) subdivision. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find a large dining room containing a fancy chandelier? Answer Choices: (A) mansion (B) every house (C) own home (D) table (E) restaurant\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A dining room is a room in a house where people eat meals. 2. A large dining room would be bigger than a regular dining room, so it would likely be found in a bigger house. 3. A fancy chandelier is a decorative light fixture, often found in elegant or luxurious settings. 4. Putting all of this together, the most likely answer would be (A) mansion, as mansions are large, luxurious houses that would likely have a large dining room with a fancy chandelier. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The carpet was smelly and discouraged the league from playing there, where was this smelly carpet installed? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) movie theater (C) bowling alley (D) church (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. The league was discouraged from playing there because of the smelly carpet. So, the carpet was installed in a place where people play. Out of the given options, the most likely place where people play is a bowling alley. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) bowling alley. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you put uncooked crab meat? Answer Choices: (A) wharf (B) red lobster (C) tidepools (D) boss's office (E) stew pot\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that uncooked crab meat is not a living crab, so it wouldn't be found in a natural environment like tidepools. It also wouldn't be found in a restaurant like Red Lobster or in a workplace like the boss's office. That leaves us with two options: the wharf or a stew pot. The wharf is a place where seafood is often caught and sold, so it's possible that uncooked crab meat could be found there. However, the most likely place for uncooked crab meat would be in a stew pot, as that is where it would be cooked and prepared for consumption. So, the correct answer is (E) stew pot. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John was traveling to a new city and took time to check out a business.  He noticed that its carpet was stained with sauces and ketchup. What type of business might that be? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) chair (C) bowling alley (D) at hotel (E) restaurant\nA: Let's think step by step. John was traveling to a new city, so it's likely that he was staying at a hotel. However, the question mentions that he took time to check out a business, so it's not a hotel. Next, we know that the carpet was stained with sauces and ketchup, which is a common occurrence in restaurants. Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) restaurant. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Danny found that the carpet did not ,match the drapes, which was disappointing, because this place was expensive.  But it was the only place in town that wasn't booked solid for the week and he needed it while he was in town, so he couldn't complain.   Where might this place be? Answer Choices: (A) brothel (B) restaurant (C) building (D) bowling alley (E) at hotel\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The poor girls needed a light to see, what was the relationship between that light and finishing her homework? Answer Choices: (A) darkness (B) cumbersome (C) obesity (D) forceful (E) crucial\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The poor girls needed a light to see. Why did they need a light? Because they couldn't see in the darkness. So, the answer is (A) darkness. Now, what was the relationship between that light and finishing her homework? The light was crucial in helping the girls finish their homework. So, the answer is (E) crucial. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The flower grew tall to compete for sunlight, what did its neighbor do? Answer Choices: (A) blossom (B) park (C) open (D) cast shadow (E) vase\nA: Let's think step by step. The flower grew tall to compete for sunlight. This means that the flower needed sunlight to survive and grow. So, its neighbor must have done something to block the sunlight. Out of the given answer choices, only \"cast shadow\" makes sense in this context. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cast shadow. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The poor girls needed a light to see, what was the relationship between that light and finishing her homework? Answer Choices: (A) darkness (B) cumbersome (C) obesity (D) forceful (E) crucial\nA: Let's think step by step. The poor girls needed a light to see. Why did they need a light? Because they couldn't see in the darkness. So, the answer is (A) darkness. Now, what was the relationship between that light and finishing her homework? The light was crucial in helping the girls finish their homework. So, the answer is (E) crucial. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The neighborhood had a great sense of community, there was always a crowd at the landing of the what? Answer Choices: (A) stairwell (B) arena (C) ocean (D) airport (E) apartment building\nA: Let's think step by step. The neighborhood had a great sense of community, so it is likely that people would gather together in a common area. The landing of the stairwell is a possible answer, as it is a common area in an apartment building where people can gather and chat. The arena is less likely, as it is a larger space and may not be easily accessible to everyone in the neighborhood. The ocean and airport are also unlikely, as they are not typically places where people would gather in a neighborhood setting. Therefore, the best answer is (E) apartment building. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The place where my linen closet is really needs repainting a light color as it only has one overhead light. Answer Choices: (A) house (B) home (C) pool house (D) hallway (E) bedroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is where the linen closet is located. This suggests that it is likely a smaller, enclosed space. Next, we know that it needs repainting, so it is likely a room or area that has walls. Finally, we know that it only has one overhead light, which suggests that it may not have many windows or natural light sources. Based on these clues, the best answer is likely (D) hallway. A hallway is a smaller, enclosed space with walls that may not have many windows or natural light sources. It is also a common area in a house that may need repainting. (E) bedroom could also be a possible answer, but it is less likely as bedrooms typically have more than one light source and may not be as in need of repainting as a hallway. (A) house and (B) home are too broad and do not specifically refer to a smaller, enclosed space. (C) pool house is also too specific and does not fit the clues given. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The poor girls needed a light to see, what was the relationship between that light and finishing her homework? Answer Choices: (A) darkness (B) cumbersome (C) obesity (D) forceful (E) crucial\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What do people want to acquire from opening business? Answer Choices: (A) home (B) wealth (C) bankruptcy (D) lose money (E) get rich\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. People open businesses to make money, so they would want to acquire wealth. They would not want to acquire bankruptcy or lose money, as those are negative outcomes. They may want to acquire a home as a result of their business success, but that is not the main goal. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) wealth. Some people may also want to get rich, so (E) get rich could also be a correct answer. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: The piece of paper was worth a lot of money, it was an old Apple Inc what? Answer Choices: (A) notebook (B) copy machine (C) stock certificate (D) ream (E) thumb drive\nA: Let's think step by step. The piece of paper was worth a lot of money, so it must be something valuable. It was also old, so it must be something that has been around for a while. The company Apple Inc is known for its technology products, so it must be related to that. The answer choices are (A) notebook, (B) copy machine, (C) stock certificate, (D) ream, and (E) thumb drive. Out of these options, the most likely answer is (C) stock certificate. This is because a stock certificate is a legal document that represents ownership in a company, and Apple Inc is a well-known and valuable company. The other options do not fit the description of being worth a lot of money and being related to Apple Inc. The answer is C.\n\nQ: James was looking for a good place to buy farmland.  Where might he look? Answer Choices: (A) midwest (B) countryside (C) estate (D) farming areas (E) illinois\nA: Let's think step by step. James is looking for farmland, so we can eliminate options C and E (estate and Illinois) since they do not specifically mention farmland. Option B (countryside) could be a good choice, but it is a bit vague. Option D (farming areas) is a good choice, but it is still a bit broad. Option A (Midwest) is the best choice because it specifically mentions a region known for its farmland. So, the correct answer is A) Midwest. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is a person who is good at sports considered? Answer Choices: (A) lazy (B) own house (C) talented (D) affluent (E) reproduce\nA: Let's think step by step. A person who is good at sports is someone who is skilled and successful in athletic activities. This person is likely to be physically fit, dedicated, and hardworking. They may also possess qualities such as determination, discipline, and perseverance. Based on these characteristics, we can eliminate options A, B, and D. Option E is not relevant to the context. Therefore, the correct answer is C) talented. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do people want to acquire from opening business? Answer Choices: (A) home (B) wealth (C) bankruptcy (D) lose money (E) get rich\nA: Let's think step by step. People open businesses to make money, so they would want to acquire wealth. They would not want to acquire bankruptcy or lose money, as those are negative outcomes. They may want to acquire a home as a result of their business success, but that is not the main goal. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) wealth. Some people may also want to get rich, so (E) get rich could also be a correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: For some reason she was devoid of regular emotions, buying products was the only way she could feel what? Answer Choices: (A) pleasure (B) owning (C) debt (D) spending money (E) smart\nA: Let's think step by step. The sentence says that the person is \"devoid of regular emotions.\" This means that she does not experience emotions like most people do. So, what is the only way she can feel something? The next part of the sentence says \"buying products.\" This means that buying products is the only way she can feel something. Now, we need to figure out what that something is. The sentence says \"she could feel.\" This means that she is able to feel something. The next part of the sentence says \"what?\" This means that we need to fill in the blank with the thing she is able to feel. The options are: pleasure, owning, debt, spending money, and smart. Out of these options, the best answer is (A) pleasure. This is because buying products can give a person pleasure or a feeling of enjoyment or satisfaction. The other options do not make sense in the context of the sentence. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If I want to open a steakhouse, what should I get first? Answer Choices: (A) michigan (B) florida (C) wine (D) texas (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need a location for your steakhouse. So, the first thing you should get is a building. Once you have a building, you can start thinking about the other important elements such as the menu, staff, and decor. Wine can also be an important aspect of a steakhouse, but it can be purchased later on. So, the correct answer would be (E) building. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Setting up framing, truss and beam are some of the first steps in what? Answer Choices: (A) new construction (B) warehouse (C) driving (D) ceiling (E) bridge\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to set up framing, truss, and beam. This sounds like the beginning stages of building a structure. So, the answer must be (A) new construction. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) cookie (C) stock market (D) real estate (E) treasure chest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man came from old money and had a fortune. This means that he was already wealthy. Next, we know that he made new money. This means that he increased his wealth. How did he do this? By making shrewd trades. This means that he was smart and strategic in his business dealings. Now, we need to figure out where he made these trades. The answer choices are: (A) eat cake, (B) cookie, (C) stock market, (D) real estate, and (E) treasure chest. We can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not logical places to make trades. Option (E) is also unlikely because a treasure chest is not a common place for business transactions. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). The stock market is a common place for people to make trades and increase their wealth, so this is the most likely answer. Real estate is also a possibility, but it is less likely because it is not explicitly mentioned in the sentence. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stock market. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The merchant wanted to open in a high-traffic space, where did he rent space? Answer Choices: (A) mall (B) business (C) store (D) sale (E) sell goods\nA: Let's think step by step. The merchant wanted to open in a high-traffic space. This means that he wanted to open his business in a place where there are a lot of people passing by. So, where do you usually find a lot of people? In a mall! So, the answer is (A) mall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do people want to acquire from opening business? Answer Choices: (A) home (B) wealth (C) bankruptcy (D) lose money (E) get rich\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: I want to use string to keep something from moving, how should I do it? Answer Choices: (A) tie around (B) wind around (C) weave (D) stringbed (E) ball up\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, you will need to choose a strong and durable string, such as a nylon or polyester string. Then, you can either tie the string tightly around the object you want to keep from moving, or you can wind the string around the object multiple times to create a secure hold. You could also weave the string through the object or create a stringbed by crisscrossing the string in a grid-like pattern. Balling up the string and placing it strategically around the object could also help keep it in place. Ultimately, the best method will depend on the specific object and situation. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? Answer Choices: (A) write sentences on paper (B) ink in (C) ink cartridges (D) caps (E) cling film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to prevent - the pen from drying out. Then, we need to think about what could cause the pen to dry out - exposure to air. Finally, we need to think about what could cover or seal the pen to prevent air from getting in - a cap or cling film. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) caps. The answer is D.\n\nQ: How does a planet usually move around the sun? Answer Choices: (A) writing (B) universe (C) outer space (D) outerspace (E) orbit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a planet is a celestial body that orbits around a star. In our solar system, the sun is the star that all the planets orbit around. So, we can eliminate choices (A) writing, (B) universe, and (D) outerspace because they are not related to the movement of a planet around the sun. Next, we know that the term \"outer space\" refers to the vast expanse beyond Earth's atmosphere, so it is not specific enough to describe the movement of a planet around the sun. This leaves us with choice (E) orbit, which is the correct answer. A planet moves around the sun in an orbit, which is a curved path due to the gravitational pull of the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) orbit. The answer is E.\n\nQ: I want to use string to keep something from moving, how should I do it? Answer Choices: (A) tie around (B) wind around (C) weave (D) stringbed (E) ball up\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need to choose a strong and durable string, such as a nylon or polyester string. Then, you can either tie the string tightly around the object you want to keep from moving, or you can wind the string around the object multiple times to create a secure hold. You could also weave the string through the object or create a stringbed by crisscrossing the string in a grid-like pattern. Balling up the string and placing it strategically around the object could also help keep it in place. Ultimately, the best method will depend on the specific object and situation. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is the process of going somewhere? Answer Choices: (A) fire (B) energy (C) car (D) transporting (E) staying in place\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to decide where you want to go. Then, you need to plan your route and mode of transportation. This could involve using a car, taking public transportation, or walking. Next, you need to gather any necessary items, such as a map or tickets. Once you have everything you need, you physically move from your starting point to your destination. This could involve driving, riding a bus or train, or walking. Finally, you arrive at your destination and complete any necessary tasks or activities. The process of going somewhere involves a combination of decision-making, planning, physical movement, and arrival at a destination. So, the best answer would be (D) transporting. The answer is D.\n\nQ: During the winter hunt he could hear every motion in the woods, this was because of the what of everything? Answer Choices: (A) being still (B) silence (C) stationary (D) stillness (E) standing still\nA: Let's think step by step. The sentence says \"During the winter hunt he could hear every motion in the woods\". This means that the person was able to hear every movement or sound in the woods. Now, the sentence also says \"this was because of the what of everything?\". This means that there was something that caused the person to be able to hear every motion in the woods. So, what could that be? The answer choices are: (A) being still, (B) silence, (C) stationary, (D) stillness, and (E) standing still. Out of these options, the best answer is (D) stillness. This is because stillness means the absence of movement or sound, which would allow the person to hear every motion in the woods. Being still, standing still, and stationary all imply a lack of movement, but stillness specifically refers to the absence of sound as well. Silence could also be a possible answer, but stillness is a more specific and accurate choice in this context. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) stillness. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where do you throw a ball at pins? Answer Choices: (A) bowling alley (B) football stadium (C) soccer field (D) sporting event (E) sporting goods store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to know what kind of ball we are throwing. The answer choices mention a ball, pins, and a sporting event. This suggests that we are talking about a specific sport or game. Next, we need to think about where we typically see pins. Pins are commonly associated with bowling, so the answer is most likely (A) bowling alley. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you hear a violin along side many string and wind instruments? Answer Choices: (A) school (B) string quartet (C) orchestra (D) kitchen (E) music room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a violin is a string instrument. So, we can eliminate options (A), (D), and (E) because they do not mention any string instruments. Next, we know that a string quartet is a small group of four string instruments, so it is unlikely that there would be \"many\" string and wind instruments in a string quartet. This leaves us with options (C) and (B). However, a string quartet typically only has four instruments, while an orchestra can have many more. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) orchestra. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What would you be building if you designed a place for an annoying critter to stay? Answer Choices: (A) spread disease (B) swamp (C) fly away (D) cat condo (E) bug campers\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is for an annoying critter to stay. This means that the place should be designed to keep the critter contained and prevent it from bothering others. Next, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not fit this purpose. Option (C) does not make sense in this context. Option (D) could work, but it seems more like a place for a pet cat to stay rather than an annoying critter. This leaves us with option (E), bug campers. This could be a suitable option because it implies a small, contained space for the critter to stay in, while also acknowledging that it is a temporary residence. Therefore, the answer is (E) bug campers. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would someone keep their nylon leggings? Answer Choices: (A) stockings (B) rope (C) car (D) clothing (E) drawer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that nylon leggings are a type of clothing. So, we can eliminate options (A) stockings, (B) rope, and (C) car. Next, we know that clothing is typically kept in a designated storage space, such as a closet or dresser. So, the most logical answer would be (E) drawer. The answer is E.\n\nQ: I want to use string to keep something from moving, how should I do it? Answer Choices: (A) tie around (B) wind around (C) weave (D) stringbed (E) ball up\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: where is seaweed from? Answer Choices: (A) beach (B) sea (C) ocean (D) water (E) sea plant\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Seaweed is a type of plant that grows in the ocean. So, it is not from the beach, as the beach is a land area next to the ocean. It is also not from the water, as water is a general term for any body of liquid. So, the correct answer is either (B) sea or (C) ocean. Both of these options refer to the same body of water, so either one could be considered correct. However, since seaweed is specifically a plant that grows in the ocean, (C) ocean may be the more accurate answer. So, the best answer is (C) ocean. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: John farms anemone in what type of facility? Answer Choices: (A) michigan (B) swimming pool (C) atlantic ocean (D) nursery (E) gulf of mexico\nA: Let's think step by step. John farms anemone. Anemone is a type of flower. So, John farms flowers. Now, in what type of facility does he farm these flowers? The options are: (A) michigan (B) swimming pool (C) atlantic ocean (D) nursery (E) gulf of mexico. Out of these options, the most logical answer would be (D) nursery. A nursery is a place where plants are grown and sold, so it would make sense for John to farm anemone in a nursery. The answer is D.\n\nQ: She wanted to get in shape, but she couldn't stay focused on the hour long what? Answer Choices: (A) sweating (B) excercise (C) work out (D) video (E) swim\nA: Let's think step by step. She wanted to get in shape, but she couldn't stay focused on the hour long what? She wanted to get in shape, so she must have been doing some kind of physical activity. The answer choices are (A) sweating, (B) exercise, (C) work out, (D) video, and (E) swim. Out of these options, (B) exercise and (C) work out seem to be the most relevant to getting in shape. (A) sweating is a result of exercise, (D) video could be a type of exercise, but it's not specified, and (E) swim could also be a type of exercise, but it's not specified either. So, the most likely answer is (C) work out. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If I wanted to eat something that is made from plants and needs to be washed, what would it be? Answer Choices: (A) roots (B) millions of cells (C) see work (D) leaves to gather light (E) flowers on\nA: Let's think step by step. We want something that is made from plants, so we can eliminate options (B) and (C) since they do not mention plants. Option (E) mentions flowers, but flowers are not typically washed before eating. Option (D) mentions leaves, which can be eaten and need to be washed before consumption. However, the best answer would be option (A) roots. Roots are often eaten and need to be washed before cooking or eating. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What western state has thousands of miles of shore? Answer Choices: (A) picture of sea side (B) seaside town (C) beach (D) california (E) see side picture\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking for a western state. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A), (B), and (C) because they are not states. Next, we know that the state has thousands of miles of shore. This means that it must be a state that borders an ocean or a large body of water. This leaves us with answer choices (D) and (E). Finally, we know that the state must be in the western part of the United States. So, the correct answer is (D) California. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you hear a violin along side many string and wind instruments? Answer Choices: (A) school (B) string quartet (C) orchestra (D) kitchen (E) music room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a violin is a string instrument. So, we can eliminate options (A), (D), and (E) because they do not mention any string instruments. Next, we know that a string quartet is a small group of four string instruments, so it is unlikely that there would be \"many\" string and wind instruments in a string quartet. This leaves us with options (C) and (B). However, a string quartet typically only has four instruments, while an orchestra can have many more. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) orchestra. The answer is C.\n\nQ: where is seaweed from? Answer Choices: (A) beach (B) sea (C) ocean (D) water (E) sea plant\nA: Let's think step by step. Seaweed is a type of plant that grows in the ocean. So, it is not from the beach, as the beach is a land area next to the ocean. It is also not from the water, as water is a general term for any body of liquid. So, the correct answer is either (B) sea or (C) ocean. Both of these options refer to the same body of water, so either one could be considered correct. However, since seaweed is specifically a plant that grows in the ocean, (C) ocean may be the more accurate answer. So, the best answer is (C) ocean. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you really wanted a grape, where would you go to get it? Answer Choices: (A) winery (B) fruit stand (C) field (D) kitchen (E) food\nA: Let's think step by step. First, grapes are a type of fruit, so we can eliminate options (A) winery and (D) kitchen. Next, grapes are typically grown in fields, so option (C) field seems like a good choice. However, we can also find grapes at a fruit stand, so option (B) fruit stand is also a possible answer. Finally, option (E) food is too broad and does not specifically mention grapes, so we can eliminate it as well. Therefore, the best answer would be either (B) fruit stand or (C) field. The answer is B.\n\nQ: where is seaweed from? Answer Choices: (A) beach (B) sea (C) ocean (D) water (E) sea plant\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where is there a telephone book in almost every room? Answer Choices: (A) at hotel (B) house (C) library (D) bedsit (E) closet\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that a telephone book is a directory of phone numbers and addresses. Next, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because it is not common to find a telephone book in every room of a library or closet. A bedsit is a small apartment, so it is unlikely to have a telephone book in every room. This leaves us with options (A) and (B). While it is possible for a house to have a telephone book in every room, it is more common for hotels to have this feature for their guests. Therefore, the most likely answer is (A) at a hotel. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is there a telephone book in almost every room? Answer Choices: (A) at hotel (B) house (C) library (D) bedsit (E) closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's think about where we usually find telephone books. Telephone books are usually found in places where people might need to make phone calls, such as hotels, houses, libraries, and bedsits. Next, let's think about which of these places might have a telephone book in almost every room. A hotel might have a telephone book in every room, but it's not guaranteed. A house might have a telephone book in every room, but it depends on the owner. A library might have a telephone book in every room, but it's not very common. A bedsit is a small apartment, so it's unlikely to have a telephone book in every room. Therefore, the most likely answer is (A) at a hotel. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What will a person going for a jog likely be wearing? Answer Choices: (A) grope (B) acknowledgment (C) comfortable clothes (D) ipod (E) passionate kisses\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a person is going for a jog. This means they will be doing some physical activity, so they will likely want to wear comfortable clothes. This eliminates options A, B, and E. Next, we can assume that they may want to listen to music while they jog, so they may have an iPod with them. This leaves us with option D. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) iPod. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Most people who are family like to greet each other with a what? Answer Choices: (A) apartments (B) listen to music (C) have friends (D) know what ophiolites (E) hug\nA: Let's think step by step. The question is asking about what most people like to do when they greet each other. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (C), and (D) because they do not relate to greetings. Option (E) is the only one that makes sense in this context, as hugging is a common way for family members to greet each other. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) hug. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If someone rules the universe of what are they in charge? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) football game (C) everything (D) text book (E) lawbook\nA: Let's think step by step. If someone rules the universe, they are in charge of everything in the universe. So, the correct answer is (C) everything. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the what? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) hostel (C) building (D) lobby (E) office park\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A reception desk is a type of desk that is typically located at the front entrance of a building or establishment. 2. The front entrance is the main entrance or the entrance that faces the street or parking lot. 3. So, if somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the building. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) building. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find a monkey in the wild? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) barrel (C) research laboratory (D) captivity (E) thailand\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about where a monkey can be found in the wild. This means that we can eliminate answer choices (A), (C), and (D) because they all involve captivity or human intervention. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (B) because it is a common misconception that monkeys live in barrels, but in reality, they do not. This leaves us with answer choice (E), Thailand, as the correct answer. Monkeys can be found in the wild in various parts of Thailand, including national parks and forests. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you store a pillow case that is not in use? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen cupboard (B) bedding store (C) england (D) drawer (E) bedroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a pillow case is a type of bedding. So, it would make sense to store it in a place where other bedding items are kept. This eliminates options A and C. Next, we know that the pillow case is not in use, so it would not be stored in a bedding store. This eliminates option B. Finally, the most logical place to store a pillow case that is not in use would be in a drawer in the bedroom. This is where most people keep their extra bedding items. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) drawer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where is there a telephone book in almost every room? Answer Choices: (A) at hotel (B) house (C) library (D) bedsit (E) closet\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What might a kind person do? Answer Choices: (A) cross street (B) talk to themselves (C) open doors (D) throw away (E) study greek\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. What does it mean to be kind? Being kind means being friendly, generous, and considerate towards others. So, what are some things a kind person might do? They might help someone in need, show empathy, or do something nice for someone else. Based on these ideas, which answer choice best fits? It would be (C) open doors. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a person who is good at sports considered? Answer Choices: (A) lazy (B) own house (C) talented (D) affluent (E) reproduce\nA: Let's think step by step. A person who is good at sports is someone who is skilled and successful in athletic activities. This person is likely to be physically fit, dedicated, and hardworking. They may also possess qualities such as determination, discipline, and perseverance. Based on these characteristics, we can eliminate options A, B, and D. Option E is not relevant to the context. Therefore, the correct answer is C) talented. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What might a kind person do? Answer Choices: (A) cross street (B) talk to themselves (C) open doors (D) throw away (E) study greek\nA: Let's think step by step. What does it mean to be kind? Being kind means being friendly, generous, and considerate towards others. So, what are some things a kind person might do? They might help someone in need, show empathy, or do something nice for someone else. Based on these ideas, which answer choice best fits? It would be (C) open doors. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The man was giving assistance to a pan handler in the streets, how did he give assistance? Answer Choices: (A) feeling good (B) killing (C) law suits (D) out of pocket (E) feel loved\nA: Let's think step by step. The man was giving assistance to a pan handler in the streets. This means that the man was helping the pan handler in some way. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) feeling good - This doesn't make sense because the man was giving assistance, not receiving it. (B) killing - This is definitely not the correct answer because it is a violent and harmful action. (C) law suits - This also doesn't make sense because there is no mention of any legal action being taken. (D) out of pocket - This could be a possible answer because it means that the man was using his own money to help the pan handler. (E) feel loved - This is a nice sentiment, but it doesn't accurately describe how the man was giving assistance. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) out of pocket. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person needs medical attention. So, he should go to a place where he can receive medical care. That rules out options A, D, and E. Next, he needs immediate help, so he should go to a place where he can get help quickly. That rules out option B. That leaves us with option C, hospital, as the best answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sailors drive many different types of boats, what type of boat involves their namesake. Answer Choices: (A) coming home (B) row boat (C) board ship (D) inflatable raft (E) sail boat\nA: Let's think step by step. Sailors drive many different types of boats. So, we are looking for a type of boat. The last word in the question is \"namesake\". Namesake means \"a person or thing that has the same name as another\". So, we are looking for a type of boat that has the same name as something. The answer choices are: coming home, row boat, board ship, inflatable raft, sail boat. The only one that is a type of boat is sail boat. So, the answer is (E) sail boat. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What might a kind person do? Answer Choices: (A) cross street (B) talk to themselves (C) open doors (D) throw away (E) study greek\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What animal is known for being a follower? Answer Choices: (A) goat (B) expensive (C) lion (D) wolf (E) meadow\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what it means to be a follower. A follower is someone or something that follows or imitates the actions or beliefs of another person or group. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) goat - Goats are not known for being followers. (B) expensive - This is not an animal. (C) lion - Lions are known for being leaders, not followers. (D) wolf - Wolves are known for living in packs and following the lead of the alpha wolf. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) wolf. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where are sheep likely to live? Answer Choices: (A) school (B) meadow (C) lamb (D) farm (E) fairgrounds\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that sheep are animals. So, they are not likely to live in a school or a fairgrounds. Next, we know that sheep are often raised for their wool and meat. So, they are most likely to live on a farm. However, they also need space to graze and roam, so they may also live in a meadow. Therefore, the best answer is (D) farm. The answer is D.\n\nQ: When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? Answer Choices: (A) start fighting (B) play (C) lots of attention (D) petted (E) bone\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you have to approach the dog. Then, you have to reach out your hand. Next, you have to gently touch the dog's fur. Finally, you have to move your hand back and forth. Based on these steps, the correct answer is (D) petted. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What do people do for food? Answer Choices: (A) talk to each other (B) complete job (C) wear hats (D) kill animals (E) believe in god\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what food is. Food is something that people eat to provide nourishment and energy for their bodies. So, what do people do for food? They eat it! Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) talk to each other - While people may talk to each other while eating, talking is not the main action people do for food. (B) complete job - Completing a job may provide people with money to buy food, but it is not the main action people do for food. (C) wear hats - Wearing hats has nothing to do with food. (D) kill animals - This is a possible answer. People may hunt or raise animals for food. (E) believe in god - Believing in god may provide people with spiritual nourishment, but it is not directly related to food. So, the best answer is (D) kill animals. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is a person considered a bully known for? Answer Choices: (A) ridiculous (B) false information (C) made fun of (D) brain tumor (E) bull rider\nA: Let's think step by step. A bully is someone who uses their power or strength to intimidate or harm others. So, a person considered a bully is known for being intimidating or harmful. Out of the answer choices, the closest one to this description is (C) made fun of. Bullies often make fun of others to assert their power and make themselves feel superior. Therefore, (C) made fun of is the correct answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When a human is earning money, where are they often found? Answer Choices: (A) deep thought (B) park (C) friend's house (D) place of work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. When a human is earning money, it means they are working. So, where do people usually work? The answer is (D) place of work. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The player lifted his cornet and walked in rhythm, what was the player a member of? Answer Choices: (A) museum (B) high school band (C) marching band (D) orchestra (E) band\nA: Let's think step by step. The player lifted his cornet, so we know that he is a musician. Then, he walked in rhythm, which suggests that he is playing music while walking. This is a common practice in marching bands, where musicians play their instruments while marching in a synchronized manner. Therefore, the player is most likely a member of a marching band. The correct answer is (C) marching band. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do animals do when an enemy is approaching? Answer Choices: (A) feel pleasure (B) procreate (C) pass water (D) listen to each other (E) sing\nA: Let's think step by step. When an enemy is approaching, animals are likely to feel fear or anxiety. This eliminates option (A) feel pleasure. Option (B) procreate is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to focus on survival rather than reproduction in this situation. Option (C) pass water is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to hold their bladder and focus on the approaching threat. Option (E) sing is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to use their energy to flee or defend themselves rather than sing. This leaves us with option (D) listen to each other. Animals may communicate with each other through vocalizations or body language to warn each other of the approaching enemy. This is a common survival tactic in the animal kingdom. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to each other. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you buy food? Answer Choices: (A) freezer (B) store (C) home (D) hatred (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what we are buying. The question says \"food,\" so we can eliminate options A, C, and E because they are not places where you can buy food. Option D, \"hatred,\" is also not a place where you can buy food. That leaves us with option B, \"store.\" A store is a place where you can buy food, so that is the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What animal is known for being a follower? Answer Choices: (A) goat (B) expensive (C) lion (D) wolf (E) meadow\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: how can i store cooked steak? Answer Choices: (A) oven (B) freezer (C) plate (D) tupperware (E) grill\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, you need to let the steak cool down to room temperature. Then, you can store it in an airtight container or wrap it tightly in plastic wrap. Finally, you can place it in the fridge or freezer. So, the correct answer would be (D) tupperware or (B) freezer. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does one usually keep literature? Answer Choices: (A) books and magazines (B) own home (C) kitchen (D) shelf (E) meeting\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what literature is. Literature is a term used to describe written or spoken material. This can include books, magazines, poems, plays, and more. Next, we need to think about where we usually keep written or spoken material. The most common place to keep literature is on a shelf. This could be a bookshelf, a magazine rack, or even a shelf in a closet or cabinet. So, the correct answer is (D) shelf. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where does a heifer's master live? Answer Choices: (A) farm house (B) barnyard (C) stockyard (D) slaughter house (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a heifer? A heifer is a young female cow that has not yet had a calf. So, where do cows live? Cows typically live on a farm. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) farm house - This could be a possible answer, as the farmer who owns the heifer may live in a farm house on the same property. (B) barnyard - This is also a possible answer, as cows often live in a barn or barnyard on a farm. (C) stockyard - This is less likely, as a stockyard is a place where livestock are kept temporarily before being sold or transported. (D) slaughter house - This is not a likely answer, as a heifer is not typically kept in a slaughter house. (E) eat cake - This is not a relevant answer, as it does not relate to the question. So, the most likely answer is (A) farm house or (B) barnyard. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The chef wanted to perfect his craft, what did he do? Answer Choices: (A) thin potatos (B) prepare food (C) study french cooking (D) drink (E) cook dinner\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the chef wanted to perfect his craft. This means he wanted to become better at cooking. So, what did he do to achieve this goal? Did he thin potatoes? No, thinning potatoes is a specific task, not a way to improve overall cooking skills. Did he prepare food? Yes, this is a general task that all chefs do, but it's not specific to improving one's craft. Did he study French cooking? This is a specific type of cuisine, so it's possible that studying it could help him improve his craft. Did he drink? No, drinking is not a productive way to improve one's cooking skills. Did he cook dinner? This is a general task that all chefs do, but it's not specific to improving one's craft. So, the best answer is C) study French cooking. By studying a specific type of cuisine, the chef can learn new techniques and flavors that can help him improve his overall cooking skills. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If I want to open a steakhouse, what should I get first? Answer Choices: (A) michigan (B) florida (C) wine (D) texas (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need a location for your steakhouse. So, the first thing you should get is a building. Once you have a building, you can start thinking about the other important elements such as the menu, staff, and decor. Wine can also be an important aspect of a steakhouse, but it can be purchased later on. So, the correct answer would be (E) building. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where do you keep musical instrument so it doesn't get scratched? Answer Choices: (A) bank (B) orchestra (C) case (D) music room (E) movie\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to keep safe - a musical instrument. Next, we need to think about what can cause damage to the instrument - scratches. Now, we need to think about where we can store the instrument to protect it from scratches. The best answer would be a case, as it is specifically designed to protect musical instruments from damage. So, the correct answer is (C) case. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What would you put meat on top of to cook it? Answer Choices: (A) oil (B) freezer (C) ham sandwich (D) oven (E) frying pan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to thaw the meat if it was in the freezer. Then, you would need to season the meat with oil or other spices. Next, you would need to cook the meat in some way. You could put it in the oven, but that would take a while. You could also put it in a frying pan, which would cook it faster. So, the best answer would be (E) frying pan. The answer is E.\n\nQ: how can i store cooked steak? Answer Choices: (A) oven (B) freezer (C) plate (D) tupperware (E) grill\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to let the steak cool down to room temperature. Then, you can store it in an airtight container or wrap it tightly in plastic wrap. Finally, you can place it in the fridge or freezer. So, the correct answer would be (D) tupperware or (B) freezer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: how can i store cooked steak? Answer Choices: (A) oven (B) freezer (C) plate (D) tupperware (E) grill\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where would you find magazines along side many other printed works? Answer Choices: (A) doctor (B) bookstore (C) market (D) train station (E) mortuary\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that has many printed works. A doctor's office may have some magazines, but it is not a place where you would find many printed works. A market may have some magazines, but it is not a place where you would find many printed works either. A mortuary is not a place where you would find printed works at all. That leaves us with two options: a bookstore and a train station. Both of these places have a variety of printed works, including magazines. However, a bookstore is specifically dedicated to selling printed works, so it is the best answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) bookstore. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you find magazines along side many other printed works? Answer Choices: (A) doctor (B) bookstore (C) market (D) train station (E) mortuary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that has many printed works. A doctor's office may have some magazines, but it is not a place where you would find many printed works. A market may have some magazines, but it is not a place where you would find many printed works either. A mortuary is not a place where you would find printed works at all. That leaves us with two options: a bookstore and a train station. Both of these places have a variety of printed works, including magazines. However, a bookstore is specifically dedicated to selling printed works, so it is the best answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) bookstore. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you find a fox that is made up? Answer Choices: (A) storybook (B) woods (C) hen house (D) natural habitat (E) back yard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the fox is made up, which means it is not a real animal. This eliminates options (B), (D), and (E) because those places are where real foxes would be found. Next, we know that the fox is made up, so it must exist in a fictional world. This leaves us with options (A) and (C). A fox that is made up would most likely be found in a storybook, so the correct answer is (A) storybook. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Writers with a great what can amass a large fortune? Answer Choices: (A) cookie (B) bank (C) real estate (D) imagination (E) bank roll\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify the key word in the question. The key word is \"fortune.\" Next, we need to think about what can help someone amass a large fortune. The answer choices are (A) cookie, (B) bank, (C) real estate, (D) imagination, and (E) bank roll. Out of these options, the most logical answer is (D) imagination. Writers with a great imagination can come up with unique and successful ideas that can lead to a large fortune. (B) bank and (E) bank roll could also be possible answers, but they are not as closely related to the act of writing as (D) imagination. (A) cookie and (C) real estate are not relevant to the question at all. Therefore, (D) imagination is the best answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The child pretended he was reading newspaper, he couldn't actually do it without what? Answer Choices: (A) patience (B) falling down (C) literacy (D) buying (E) knowing how to read\nA: Let's think step by step. The child pretended he was reading a newspaper. This means he was pretending to read. However, he couldn't actually do it. This means he wasn't actually reading. So, what does he need in order to actually read? He needs to know how to read. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) knowing how to read. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the what? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) hostel (C) building (D) lobby (E) office park\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A reception desk is a type of desk that is typically located at the front entrance of a building or establishment. 2. The front entrance is the main entrance or the entrance that faces the street or parking lot. 3. So, if somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the building. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) building. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you hear a trumpet along with other instruments made from the same material? Answer Choices: (A) music store (B) bass (C) brass band (D) orchestra (E) marching band\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to know what a trumpet is. A trumpet is a musical instrument that is made of brass and is played by blowing into it and pressing the keys. Now, let's think about where we might hear a trumpet. A music store is a place where you can buy musical instruments, but it is unlikely that you would hear a trumpet playing there. A bass is a type of guitar, so it is not made of brass and would not be played with a trumpet. A brass band is a group of musicians who play instruments made of brass, so it is possible that a trumpet would be played in a brass band. An orchestra is a large group of musicians who play different instruments, including brass instruments like trumpets. Finally, a marching band is a group of musicians who play instruments while marching in parades or at sporting events. Marching bands often include brass instruments like trumpets. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) brass band. The answer is C.\n\nQ: They wanted to try blowfish, so they went to get some where? Answer Choices: (A) atlantic ocean (B) books (C) france (D) aquarium (E) fish market\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they wanted to try blowfish. Blowfish is a type of fish that is known for being a delicacy in some cultures. So, where would they go to get some blowfish? They could go to the Atlantic Ocean, but that would require them to catch the fish themselves. They could also go to an aquarium, but that would just allow them to see the fish, not eat it. Books and France are not related to getting blowfish at all. That leaves us with the fish market. The fish market is a place where people can buy different types of fish, including blowfish. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) fish market. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where can you buy a magazine, paper or gum? Answer Choices: (A) bank (B) rack (C) bed (D) newsstand (E) bus depot\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells magazines, papers, and gum. A bank does not typically sell these items, so we can eliminate option (A). Next, we can eliminate option (C) because a bed is not a place where you can buy items like magazines, papers, or gum. Option (E) can also be eliminated because a bus depot is a place where you can catch a bus, not buy items like magazines, papers, or gum. This leaves us with options (B) and (D). A rack is a common place to find magazines, papers, and gum, so option (B) is a good choice. However, a newsstand is specifically designed to sell newspapers, magazines, and other reading materials, so option (D) is the best answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) newsstand. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find magazines along side many other printed works? Answer Choices: (A) doctor (B) bookstore (C) market (D) train station (E) mortuary\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: They needed grape juice for their party, they went to buy it and other snacks at the what? Answer Choices: (A) field (B) restaurant (C) salad (D) market (E) food store\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, they needed grape juice. This means that they needed to buy a beverage. Next, they also needed to buy snacks. So, where would they go to buy both grape juice and snacks? The most likely answer would be a food store or market. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) food store. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The hikers stopped to have a drink, simply put they what? Answer Choices: (A) had a party (B) were thirsty (C) refreshment (D) getting drunk (E) celebrating\nA: Let's think step by step. The hikers stopped to have a drink. This means that they stopped to consume a beverage. So, what does this tell us about their state or condition? They were thirsty! Therefore, the correct answer is (B) were thirsty. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where do people get beer after a bit of gambling? Answer Choices: (A) bottle (B) grocery store (C) casino (D) spaceship (E) hockey game\nA: Let's think step by step. First, people are gambling. Where do people usually gamble? The most common answer would be a casino. So, the answer would be (C) casino. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The hostess greeted the employees to the program, she then led them to their what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) welcome guests (C) occupations (D) work room (E) seat customer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the hostess greeted the employees. Then, she led them to their...what? The answer choices are (A) group people, (B) welcome guests, (C) occupations, (D) work room, and (E) seat customer. Based on the context, it is most likely that the hostess led the employees to their work room. This is where they will be working during the program. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) work room. The answer is D.\n\nQ: I'm having some food at my party, what will I need to serve it? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) pan (C) bowl (D) kitchen (E) spoon\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need a place to prepare and cook the food, so you will need a kitchen. Next, you will need something to cook the food in, so you will need a pan. Once the food is cooked, you will need something to serve it in, so you will need a bowl. Finally, you will need utensils to eat the food with, so you will need spoons. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spoon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you really wanted a grape, where would you go to get it? Answer Choices: (A) winery (B) fruit stand (C) field (D) kitchen (E) food\nA: Let's think step by step. First, grapes are a type of fruit, so we can eliminate options (A) winery and (D) kitchen. Next, grapes are typically grown in fields, so option (C) field seems like a good choice. However, we can also find grapes at a fruit stand, so option (B) fruit stand is also a possible answer. Finally, option (E) food is too broad and does not specifically mention grapes, so we can eliminate it as well. Therefore, the best answer would be either (B) fruit stand or (C) field. The answer is B.\n\nQ: They needed grape juice for their party, they went to buy it and other snacks at the what? Answer Choices: (A) field (B) restaurant (C) salad (D) market (E) food store\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where can you buy a clock, clothing and wrenches? Answer Choices: (A) counter (B) train station (C) school room (D) desk (E) department store\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": "1. A clock can be bought at a department store, as they typically sell a variety of home goods including clocks. 2. Clothing can also be bought at a department store, as they usually have a clothing section. 3. Wrenches can be bought at a hardware store, but since that is not an option, the next best option would be a department store that sells tools. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) department store. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where will a cheap book be found? Answer Choices: (A) bookstore (B) classroom (C) discount store (D) school room (E) bedside table\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the book is cheap. This means that it is not expensive. So, we can eliminate options (A) bookstore and (D) school room because books in these places are usually more expensive. Next, we know that the book is cheap, so it is likely to be found in a place where things are sold at a lower price. This leads us to option (C) discount store. This is a place where items are sold at a discounted or lower price. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) discount store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If I did not have a rosebush, where would I get one? Answer Choices: (A) pot (B) museum (C) garden center (D) formal garden (E) backyard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells plants. A pot is not a place, it is a container. A museum is not likely to sell plants. A formal garden may have rosebushes, but it is not a place where you can buy one. A backyard is also not a place where you can buy a rosebush. That leaves us with the garden center. This is a place specifically designed for buying plants, including rosebushes. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) garden center. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you do when you're going to market? Answer Choices: (A) buy food (B) see other people (C) buying vegetables (D) buy a fat pig (E) traveling\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to the market, what is the main purpose? It is to buy things, right? So, the correct answer would be (A) buy food. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The lock kept the steering wheel from moving, but the thief still took his chances and began to work on the what? Answer Choices: (A) keep cloesd (B) train (C) ignition switch (D) drawer (E) firearm\nA: Let's think step by step. The lock kept the steering wheel from moving, so the thief couldn't drive the car. However, the thief still took his chances, which means he still tried to do something. So, what did he try to do? He began to work on the...? The answer is C) ignition switch. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What kind of place has a revolving door and has things to buy in it? Answer Choices: (A) new york (B) public place (C) bank (D) mall (E) supermarket door\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place has a revolving door. This eliminates options (A) and (E) because they do not have revolving doors. Next, we know that the place has things to buy in it. This eliminates option (B) because it does not specify a specific type of place. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). Both banks and malls have revolving doors and things to buy in them. However, a bank typically only has a few items for sale, such as financial services or basic office supplies. A mall, on the other hand, has a wide variety of stores and products for sale. Therefore, the most likely answer is (D) mall. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you acquire a wind instrument for you own use? Answer Choices: (A) band practice (B) concert (C) music store (D) symphony (E) music room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to find a place that sells wind instruments. This rules out options A, B, and D. Next, you need to find a place that specifically sells instruments for personal use, rather than for a performance or practice setting. This rules out option E. This leaves us with option C, a music store, as the most likely place to acquire a wind instrument for personal use. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where might a mouse be found to make it country? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) cook (C) computer lab (D) old barn (E) research laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that is in the country. The options that could be in the country are (D) old barn and (E) research laboratory. Next, we need to find a place where a mouse might be found. Mice are often found in places where they can find food, so (A) kitchen and (B) cook are not likely options. Mice are also not commonly found in computer labs, so (C) computer lab is also not a likely option. Therefore, the best answer would be (D) old barn, as mice are often found in barns where they can find food and shelter. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where can you buy a clock, clothing and wrenches? Answer Choices: (A) counter (B) train station (C) school room (D) desk (E) department store\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A clock can be bought at a department store, as they typically sell a variety of home goods including clocks. 2. Clothing can also be bought at a department store, as they usually have a clothing section. 3. Wrenches can be bought at a hardware store, but since that is not an option, the next best option would be a department store that sells tools. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) department store. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where can you buy a clock, clothing and wrenches? Answer Choices: (A) counter (B) train station (C) school room (D) desk (E) department store\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If you're seeking a connection for your laptop, what are you trying to hook up with? Answer Choices: (A) computer network (B) electrical circuit (C) lineage (D) company (E) wall\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, you're seeking a connection. What do you need a connection for? You need a connection to access the internet. So, what do you need to connect to the internet? You need a computer network. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) computer network. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: If you're seeking a connection for your laptop, what are you trying to hook up with? Answer Choices: (A) computer network (B) electrical circuit (C) lineage (D) company (E) wall\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you're seeking a connection. What do you need a connection for? You need a connection to access the internet. So, what do you need to connect to the internet? You need a computer network. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) computer network. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where could a sloth live? Answer Choices: (A) tropical jungle (B) manual (C) work (D) transit (E) countryside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what a sloth is. A sloth is a type of animal, specifically a mammal. Sloths are known for being slow-moving and spending most of their time hanging upside down in trees. So, where would a sloth be able to do this? Definitely not in a manual, work, or transit setting. These are all human-made environments that would not be suitable for a sloth. The countryside could be a possibility, but it may not have the right type of trees for a sloth to live in. That leaves us with the tropical jungle. This is the best answer because it is a natural environment with tall trees that sloths can hang from and plenty of leaves for them to eat. So, the correct answer is (A) tropical jungle. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What emotion leads to punching? Answer Choices: (A) fists (B) hitting (C) boxing gloves (D) anger (E) hands\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that punching is a physical action, so we can eliminate answer choices (A), (B), and (C) as they are objects and not emotions. This leaves us with answer choices (D) and (E). Punching is often associated with aggression and violence, which are both expressions of anger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) anger. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What do people do when networking? Answer Choices: (A) build trust (B) hurry home (C) ignore people (D) believe in god (E) jump to conclusions\nA: Let's think step by step. When people are networking, they are typically trying to make connections and build relationships with others. This involves actively engaging with others, listening to their stories and experiences, and sharing their own. So, the answer is (A) build trust. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The inspector was agreeing with the factory protocols, what was the status of the factory? Answer Choices: (A) compliance (B) eligible (C) contract (D) harmony (E) friendship\nA: Let's think step by step. The inspector was agreeing with the factory protocols. This means that the factory was following the rules and regulations set by the protocols. So, the factory was in compliance with the protocols. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) compliance. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the what? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) hostel (C) building (D) lobby (E) office park\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A reception desk is a type of desk that is typically located at the front entrance of a building or establishment. 2. The front entrance is the main entrance or the entrance that faces the street or parking lot. 3. So, if somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the building. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) building. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where might a mouse be found to make it country? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) cook (C) computer lab (D) old barn (E) research laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that is in the country. The options that could be in the country are (D) old barn and (E) research laboratory. Next, we need to find a place where a mouse might be found. Mice are often found in places where they can find food, so (A) kitchen and (B) cook are not likely options. Mice are also not commonly found in computer labs, so (C) computer lab is also not a likely option. Therefore, the best answer would be (D) old barn, as mice are often found in barns where they can find food and shelter. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where is one likely to find poker chips? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) pantry (C) motherboard (D) bar (E) bar\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because poker chips are not typically sold in supermarkets or kept in pantries. Next, we can eliminate option (C) because a motherboard is a computer component and would not be a place to find poker chips. This leaves us with options (D) and (E). Both a bar and a casino are common places to find poker chips, so either option could be correct. However, since option (E) is a repeat of option (D), we can eliminate it as well. Therefore, the most likely answer is (D) bar. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you're seeking a connection for your laptop, what are you trying to hook up with? Answer Choices: (A) computer network (B) electrical circuit (C) lineage (D) company (E) wall\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The pencil sharpener was broken in the classroom, where did the teacher recommend the student go? Answer Choices: (A) home (B) library (C) stationery store (D) cabinet (E) desk drawer\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, the pencil sharpener was broken in the classroom. This means that the student is most likely in a classroom. Next, the teacher recommended the student go somewhere. The options that could be recommended by a teacher are (B) library, (C) stationery store, (D) cabinet, and (E) desk drawer. However, since the student is in a classroom, it is most likely that the teacher would recommend a place within the classroom. Therefore, the best answer would be (D) cabinet or (E) desk drawer, as these are both places where a pencil sharpener could be stored in a classroom. The answer is D or E.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man didn't do great in college, all his best memories were late night with his brothers at the what? Answer Choices: (A) big city (B) fraternity house (C) school (D) building (E) big town\nA: Let's think step by step. The man didn't do great in college, so he probably didn't have a lot of academic success. This means that his best memories probably didn't come from studying or attending classes. Instead, his best memories were late night with his brothers. This suggests that he had a close group of friends or a community that he enjoyed spending time with. The answer choices are (A) big city, (B) fraternity house, (C) school, (D) building, and (E) big town. Out of these options, the best answer is (B) fraternity house. This is because a fraternity house is a place where a group of male students live together and form a close bond. Late nights with his brothers at the fraternity house would be a common and likely enjoyable experience for the man. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the what? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) hostel (C) building (D) lobby (E) office park\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A reception desk is a type of desk that is typically located at the front entrance of a building or establishment. 2. The front entrance is the main entrance or the entrance that faces the street or parking lot. 3. So, if somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the building. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) building. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The teacher played on the upright piano, she was explaining the song to all the students in the what? Answer Choices: (A) music room (B) bathroom (C) house (D) living room (E) music store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the teacher is playing on an upright piano. This suggests that she is in a room with a piano, so we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Next, she is explaining the song to all the students. This suggests that she is in a room with students, so we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with option A, the music room, as the most likely answer. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where might a mouse be found to make it country? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) cook (C) computer lab (D) old barn (E) research laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that is in the country. The options that could be in the country are (D) old barn and (E) research laboratory. Next, we need to find a place where a mouse might be found. Mice are often found in places where they can find food, so (A) kitchen and (B) cook are not likely options. Mice are also not commonly found in computer labs, so (C) computer lab is also not a likely option. Therefore, the best answer would be (D) old barn, as mice are often found in barns where they can find food and shelter. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Though a mouse might prefer your house, you might also see him where? Answer Choices: (A) tin (B) department store (C) garden (D) small hole (E) cupboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the sentence says \"Though a mouse might prefer your house\". This means that the mouse would rather be in your house than somewhere else. Next, the sentence says \"you might also see him where?\" This means that the mouse could be seen in other places besides your house. So, the correct answer would be (C) garden, (D) small hole, or (E) cupboard. These are all places where a mouse could potentially be seen. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The pencil sharpener was broken in the classroom, where did the teacher recommend the student go? Answer Choices: (A) home (B) library (C) stationery store (D) cabinet (E) desk drawer\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is someone doing when scheduling when to go to party? Answer Choices: (A) rumpspringa (B) meeting new people (C) having fun (D) meet new people (E) plan\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, the person is deciding when to go to a party. This involves making a plan or schedule. So, the answer is (E) plan. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Bob stands in the grass surrounded by trees and nature, where is Bob? Answer Choices: (A) rest area (B) desert (C) state park (D) fairgrounds (E) soccer game\nA: Let's think step by step. Bob is surrounded by trees and nature, so we can eliminate options B, D, and E. He is also standing in the grass, so we can eliminate option A. This leaves us with option C, state park, as the most likely answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is the hopeful result of going to see a play? Answer Choices: (A) sit (B) being entertained (C) jobless (D) meet (E) laugh\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to see a play, you are going to a theater. So, you are going to sit in a theater. But, that's not the hopeful result. The hopeful result is what you expect to happen when you go to see a play. So, what do you expect to happen when you go to see a play? You expect to be entertained, right? So, the hopeful result of going to see a play is being entertained. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) being entertained. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What is someone doing when scheduling when to go to party? Answer Choices: (A) rumpspringa (B) meeting new people (C) having fun (D) meet new people (E) plan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person is deciding when to go to a party. This involves making a plan or schedule. So, the answer is (E) plan. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John went to a party that lasted all night.  Because of this, he didn't have time for what? Answer Choices: (A) meeting (B) blowing off steam (C) stay home (D) partying hard (E) studying\nA: Let's think step by step. John went to a party that lasted all night. This means that he spent the entire night at the party. Because of this, he didn't have time for something else. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) meeting - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't have time for another meeting. (B) blowing off steam - This could make sense because John was at a party, which is a way to relax and have fun. But, we need to keep looking at the other choices to make sure. (C) stay home - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be staying home. (D) partying hard - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be partying hard somewhere else. (E) studying - This could make sense because John was at a party all night, so he wouldn't have time to study. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) studying. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where do you go on a night out before going to the bar? Answer Choices: (A) new york city (B) las vegas (C) restaurant (D) nightclub (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you might want to go somewhere to eat dinner. So, the answer is (C) restaurant. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The hostess greeted the employees to the program, she then led them to their what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) welcome guests (C) occupations (D) work room (E) seat customer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the hostess greeted the employees. Then, she led them to their...what? The answer choices are (A) group people, (B) welcome guests, (C) occupations, (D) work room, and (E) seat customer. Based on the context, it is most likely that the hostess led the employees to their work room. This is where they will be working during the program. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) work room. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What is someone doing when scheduling when to go to party? Answer Choices: (A) rumpspringa (B) meeting new people (C) having fun (D) meet new people (E) plan\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The terrace had Kanji written on it, indicating that it was made where? Answer Choices: (A) japan (B) rice paddy (C) garden (D) michigan (E) italy\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. 1. The terrace had Kanji written on it. 2. Kanji is a type of Japanese writing. 3. Therefore, the terrace was most likely made in Japan. 4. The correct answer is (A) Japan. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The terrace had Kanji written on it, indicating that it was made where? Answer Choices: (A) japan (B) rice paddy (C) garden (D) michigan (E) italy\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The terrace had Kanji written on it. 2. Kanji is a type of Japanese writing. 3. Therefore, the terrace was most likely made in Japan. 4. The correct answer is (A) Japan. The answer is A.\n\nQ: They were hoping their campaign would create a rise in awareness of the problem and hopefully do what to its effect? Answer Choices: (A) set (B) fall (C) park (D) descend (E) reduce\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The campaign would create a rise in awareness of the problem. This means that more people would become aware of the problem. 2. The effect of this rise in awareness would hopefully do something. 3. What would they hope for the effect to do? They would hope for the effect to reduce the problem. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) reduce. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If I wanted to eat something that is made from plants and needs to be washed, what would it be? Answer Choices: (A) roots (B) millions of cells (C) see work (D) leaves to gather light (E) flowers on\nA: Let's think step by step. We want something that is made from plants, so we can eliminate options (B) and (C) since they do not mention plants. Option (E) mentions flowers, but flowers are not typically washed before eating. Option (D) mentions leaves, which can be eaten and need to be washed before consumption. However, the best answer would be option (A) roots. Roots are often eaten and need to be washed before cooking or eating. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The person wasn't bothered by the weather, she had remembered to bring her what? Answer Choices: (A) read book (B) own house (C) apartment (D) more rice (E) warm coat\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wasn't bothered by the weather. This means that the weather was not affecting her negatively. So, what could she have brought that would help her not be bothered by the weather? The answer is (E) warm coat. A warm coat would protect her from the cold and keep her comfortable in the weather. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What region of a west coast U.S. city would you find a Japanese restaurant? Answer Choices: (A) california (B) tokio (C) downtown (D) narnia (E) large town\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the city is located on the west coast of the United States. This narrows down our options to California, as it is the only state on the west coast. Next, we are looking for a specific type of restaurant - a Japanese restaurant. This means that we can eliminate options B, D, and E, as they are not related to restaurants or Japanese culture. This leaves us with options A and C - California and downtown. While California is a state, downtown is a specific region within a city. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) downtown. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If a storey contained a panoramic view, what kind of structure would it be in? Answer Choices: (A) horizontal room (B) storey book (C) mall (D) tall building (E) book of stories\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a panoramic view? A panoramic view is a wide and unobstructed view of an area. Next, what kind of structure would have a panoramic view? A tall building would be the most likely answer, as it would provide a high vantage point for a wide and unobstructed view. Therefore, the correct answer would be (D) tall building. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Turkey only has a small northern part of their country located in part of the what? Answer Choices: (A) middle east (B) oven (C) balkan peninsula (D) provide meat (E) asia minor\nA: Let's think step by step. Turkey is a country located in the continent of Asia. However, it also has a small part of its territory located in Europe. This part is called the Balkan Peninsula. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) Balkan Peninsula. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you put a plate immediately after eating from it? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen cupboard (B) floor (C) table (D) dishwasher (E) flea market\nA: Let's think step by step. After eating from a plate, you would typically want to clean it. So, the best place to put it would be in the dishwasher (D) or on the kitchen counter to be washed later. Putting it in the kitchen cupboard (A) or on the table (C) would be a bit premature, as it would still need to be washed. Putting it on the floor (B) or at a flea market (E) would not make sense at all. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The terrace had Kanji written on it, indicating that it was made where? Answer Choices: (A) japan (B) rice paddy (C) garden (D) michigan (E) italy\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The field general began to write out a letter to the king, he was told to send what when the enemy was near? Answer Choices: (A) syllable (B) english alphabet (C) word (D) email (E) invitation\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The field general is writing a letter to the king. What is the purpose of this letter? It is likely to inform the king about something. What is the general's main concern? The enemy is near. So, what should the general send to the king when the enemy is near? The answer is likely to be something that will help the king prepare for the enemy's arrival. Out of the answer choices, the most logical answer is (C) word. The general can send a word to the king that will alert him about the enemy's arrival and allow him to prepare for battle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He picked up his pace to a run, he wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) learn to walk (B) frightened (C) get away from (D) exercise (E) go faster\nA: Let's think step by step. He picked up his pace to a run. What does that mean? It means he started running. Why did he start running? Because he wanted to do something. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) learn to walk - This doesn't make sense because he's already running. (B) frightened - This could be a reason to run, but it doesn't fit with the rest of the sentence. (C) get away from - This could be a reason to run, but it doesn't fit with the rest of the sentence. (D) exercise - This doesn't make sense because he's already running. (E) go faster - This makes the most sense because he's already running and he wants to go faster. So the correct answer is (E) go faster. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How will you communicate if you are far away from who you want to communicate with? Answer Choices: (A) think (B) talk with people (C) talk to people (D) speak out (E) send email\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are far away from someone, you cannot physically talk to them or speak out to them. You can, however, talk with other people who are closer to the person you want to communicate with and ask them to pass on your message. Another option is to send an email, which is a form of electronic communication that can reach someone who is far away. So, the correct answer is (E) send email. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The field general began to write out a letter to the king, he was told to send what when the enemy was near? Answer Choices: (A) syllable (B) english alphabet (C) word (D) email (E) invitation\nA: Let's think step by step. The field general is writing a letter to the king. What is the purpose of this letter? It is likely to inform the king about something. What is the general's main concern? The enemy is near. So, what should the general send to the king when the enemy is near? The answer is likely to be something that will help the king prepare for the enemy's arrival. Out of the answer choices, the most logical answer is (C) word. The general can send a word to the king that will alert him about the enemy's arrival and allow him to prepare for battle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The town house went right to the curb, a slot effectively made a mailbox of the what? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) front door (C) back door (D) street corner (E) porch\nA: Let's think step by step. The town house went right to the curb. This means that the town house is located right next to the curb, or the edge of the sidewalk. Now, the next part says \"a slot effectively made a mailbox.\" This means that there is a slot, or an opening, that is used as a mailbox. So, the slot is effectively made into a mailbox. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) apartment building - This doesn't make sense because the town house is not an apartment building. (B) front door - This doesn't make sense because the front door is usually located on the ground floor, not on the curb. (C) back door - This doesn't make sense because the back door is usually located at the back of the house, not on the curb. (D) street corner - This doesn't make sense because the town house is not located on a street corner. (E) porch - This doesn't make sense because the porch is usually located at the front or back of the house, not on the curb. So, the correct answer is (B) front door. The slot effectively made a mailbox out of the front door of the town house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The hostess greeted the employees to the program, she then led them to their what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) welcome guests (C) occupations (D) work room (E) seat customer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the hostess greeted the employees. Then, she led them to their...what? The answer choices are (A) group people, (B) welcome guests, (C) occupations, (D) work room, and (E) seat customer. Based on the context, it is most likely that the hostess led the employees to their work room. This is where they will be working during the program. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) work room. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The ancient seafaring Norse tribesman brought pelts of weasel aboard his what? Answer Choices: (A) rabbit warren (B) used car lot (C) chicken coop (D) cruise (E) viking ship\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the Norse tribesman is seafaring, which means he is traveling by sea. Next, we know that he is bringing pelts of weasel aboard something. The only answer choice that makes sense in this context is (E) viking ship, as the Norse tribesman would likely be traveling on a viking ship. The other answer choices do not fit with the context of the sentence. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The department to where vendors deliver goods for sale is called what? Answer Choices: (A) delivered (B) take away (C) receiving (D) pick up (E) keep\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the department is where vendors deliver goods for sale. So, the department is the place where the goods are delivered. Next, we need to think about what happens to the goods after they are delivered. They are received by someone or something. So, the correct answer is (C) receiving. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The field general began to write out a letter to the king, he was told to send what when the enemy was near? Answer Choices: (A) syllable (B) english alphabet (C) word (D) email (E) invitation\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where can you find a number of wind instruments together in public? Answer Choices: (A) music store (B) create music (C) zoo (D) music room (E) symphony\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where there are multiple wind instruments together. This rules out options B and C. Next, we need to find a place where these instruments are available for public viewing or use. This rules out options A and D. This leaves us with option E, symphony, as the most likely answer. A symphony is a musical performance that often features a variety of wind instruments. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) symphony. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you buy a finely crafted writing instrument? Answer Choices: (A) nasa (B) classroom (C) stationery store (D) purse (E) office supply store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells writing instruments. Option A, nasa, is not a place where you can buy writing instruments. Option B, classroom, is a place where you can find writing instruments, but it is not a store. Option D, purse, is not a place where you can buy writing instruments. This leaves us with options C and E. Option C, stationery store, is a store that specializes in selling writing instruments and other office supplies. Option E, office supply store, is also a store that sells writing instruments, but it may not have as wide of a selection as a stationery store. Therefore, the best answer is (C) stationery store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If I did not have a rosebush, where would I get one? Answer Choices: (A) pot (B) museum (C) garden center (D) formal garden (E) backyard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells plants. A pot is not a place, it is a container. A museum is not likely to sell plants. A formal garden may have rosebushes, but it is not a place where you can buy one. A backyard is also not a place where you can buy a rosebush. That leaves us with the garden center. This is a place specifically designed for buying plants, including rosebushes. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) garden center. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What will a person going for a jog likely be wearing? Answer Choices: (A) grope (B) acknowledgment (C) comfortable clothes (D) ipod (E) passionate kisses\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a person is going for a jog. This means they will be doing some physical activity, so they will likely want to wear comfortable clothes. This eliminates options A, B, and E. Next, we can assume that they may want to listen to music while they jog, so they may have an iPod with them. This leaves us with option D. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) iPod. The answer is C.\n\nQ: While knitting you can do what using a radio? Answer Choices: (A) listen to music (B) watch television (C) making blankets (D) eat (E) watching tv\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is the main activity in this scenario? Knitting. So, what can you do while knitting? You can listen to music, watch television, make blankets, or eat. But, can you watch television while knitting? No, because your hands are busy with the knitting needles. So, the correct answer is (A) listen to music. The answer is A.\n\nQ: During the winter hunt he could hear every motion in the woods, this was because of the what of everything? Answer Choices: (A) being still (B) silence (C) stationary (D) stillness (E) standing still\nA: Let's think step by step. The sentence says \"During the winter hunt he could hear every motion in the woods\". This means that the person was able to hear every movement or sound in the woods. Now, the sentence also says \"this was because of the what of everything?\". This means that there was something that caused the person to be able to hear every motion in the woods. So, what could that be? The answer choices are: (A) being still, (B) silence, (C) stationary, (D) stillness, and (E) standing still. Out of these options, the best answer is (D) stillness. This is because stillness means the absence of movement or sound, which would allow the person to hear every motion in the woods. Being still, standing still, and stationary all imply a lack of movement, but stillness specifically refers to the absence of sound as well. Silence could also be a possible answer, but stillness is a more specific and accurate choice in this context. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) stillness. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find people standing in a line outside? Answer Choices: (A) bus depot (B) end of line (C) opera (D) neighbor's house (E) meeting\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where people would stand in a line. This could be a place where people are waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (C) opera and (E) meeting because people usually don't stand in a line outside these places. Next, we need to think about where people would stand in a line outside. This could be a place where people are waiting for transportation or for a specific event. So, the best answer would be (A) bus depot, where people often stand in a line to board a bus. Option (B) end of line could also be a possible answer, but it is not a specific place. Option (D) neighbor's house is also not a specific place where people would stand in a line outside. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) bus depot. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you acquire a wind instrument for you own use? Answer Choices: (A) band practice (B) concert (C) music store (D) symphony (E) music room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to find a place that sells wind instruments. This rules out options A, B, and D. Next, you need to find a place that specifically sells instruments for personal use, rather than for a performance or practice setting. This rules out option E. This leaves us with option C, a music store, as the most likely place to acquire a wind instrument for personal use. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would one find a snake in a cage? Answer Choices: (A) tropical forest (B) oregon (C) woods (D) pet store (E) louisiana\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the snake is in a cage, so it is not in the wild. This eliminates options A, B, and C. Next, we know that the snake is in a cage, so it is likely being kept as a pet. This leaves us with option D, pet store, as the most likely answer. Option E, Louisiana, is also a possible answer as there may be snakes in cages at a zoo or animal sanctuary in Louisiana. However, without more context, it is difficult to determine which answer is the most correct. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you get some wood if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) carpet (B) boat (C) river (D) lumberyard (E) synagogue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what wood is. Wood is a natural material that comes from trees. So, we need to find a place where there are trees. Let's look at the answer choices. A) Carpet - This is not a place where we can find trees or wood. B) Boat - This is also not a place where we can find trees or wood. C) River - While there may be trees near a river, it is not a reliable source for getting wood. D) Lumberyard - This is the best answer choice because a lumberyard is a place where wood is sold and stored. E) Synagogue - This is a place of worship and does not have anything to do with finding wood. So, the correct answer is (D) lumberyard. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where can you find a number of wind instruments together in public? Answer Choices: (A) music store (B) create music (C) zoo (D) music room (E) symphony\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: A crane uses many a steel cable when working a what? Answer Choices: (A) abaft (B) ship (C) winch (D) construction site (E) building\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a crane is. A crane is a large machine that is used to lift and move heavy objects. Next, we need to understand what a steel cable is. A steel cable is a strong, thick rope made of steel that is used to support and lift heavy objects. Now, we can look at the answer choices. Option A, abaft, is a nautical term that refers to the back of a ship. This does not make sense in the context of the sentence. Option B, ship, is a possible answer, as cranes are commonly used in shipyards to lift and move heavy cargo. However, the sentence mentions a steel cable, which is not specific to ships. Option C, winch, is a device used for winding and unwinding a cable or rope, but it is not the main component of a crane. Option E, building, is also a possible answer, as cranes are commonly used in construction sites to lift and move building materials. However, the sentence mentions a steel cable, which is not specific to buildings. This leaves us with option D, construction site, which is the most logical answer. A crane would use many steel cables when working at a construction site", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: WHat type of keyboard is made up of one or more pipe divisions? Answer Choices: (A) killing (B) typewriter (C) office (D) terminal (E) organ\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A keyboard is a device that has keys for typing letters, numbers, and symbols. 2. A pipe division is a musical term that refers to a section of a pipe organ. 3. Therefore, the type of keyboard that is made up of one or more pipe divisions is an organ keyboard. So, the correct answer is (E) organ. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would stones not be arranged in a path? Answer Choices: (A) quarries (B) field (C) park (D) bridge (E) made from rocks\nA: Let's think step by step. Stones are often used to create paths in outdoor spaces, such as parks, gardens, and even bridges. They are also commonly found in quarries, which are areas where rocks are extracted for building materials. However, they would not be arranged in a path in a field, as fields are typically open spaces used for farming or grazing animals. So, the correct answer is (B) field. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What should I do with a jumping rope? Answer Choices: (A) fatigue (B) sweating (C) get tired (D) tiredness (E) hopping\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you should hold the handles of the jumping rope in each hand. Then, you can start jumping over the rope as it swings under your feet. You can try different techniques like single jumps, double jumps, or criss-cross jumps. You can also try to increase your speed or jump for a longer period of time. Remember to keep your body relaxed and your core engaged. You can also incorporate other exercises like high knees or side-to-side jumps while using the jumping rope. Finally, make sure to cool down and stretch afterwards to prevent any muscle soreness. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What must a student in engineering do? Answer Choices: (A) answer question (B) learn language (C) do mathematics (D) be able to count (E) begin to study\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a student in engineering must begin to study. Then, they must learn language. Next, they must be able to count. Finally, they must do mathematics. So, the correct answer is (C) do mathematics. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The teacher knew her students understood division, what was she hoping they would learn next? Answer Choices: (A) multiplication (B) multiply (C) putting together (D) unity (E) pay debts\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the students understood division. What is the opposite of division? Multiplication. So, the teacher was hoping the students would learn multiplication next. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) multiplication. The answer is A.\n\nQ: How would you get from one side of a canal to another? Answer Choices: (A) michigan (B) amsterdam (C) venice (D) bridge (E) barges to travel on\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine where the canal is located. The answer choices give us some clues - Michigan is a state in the United States, Amsterdam is a city in the Netherlands, Venice is a city in Italy, and a bridge is a structure that can be found in many places. However, the most likely answer is C) Venice, since it is known for its many canals. Now, how would we get from one side of a canal to another in Venice? The most common way is by using a bridge. Venice has over 400 bridges connecting its many canals, so it is likely that there would be a bridge nearby to cross. Another option could be to take a boat or barge to travel across the canal. In Venice, there are also water taxis and gondolas that can take you from one side to the other. In conclusion, the most likely answer is D) bridge, but E) barges to travel on could also be a possible option depending on the location and circumstances. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Setting up framing, truss and beam are some of the first steps in what? Answer Choices: (A) new construction (B) warehouse (C) driving (D) ceiling (E) bridge\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to set up framing, truss, and beam. This sounds like the beginning stages of building a structure. So, the answer must be (A) new construction. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Metal is taken from what which is pulled from the ground? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) instruments (C) ore (D) car (E) junkyard\nA: Let's think step by step. Metal is taken from what? It is taken from the ground. What is in the ground? Dirt, instruments, ore, cars, and junkyards are all found in the ground, but only one of these options is a source of metal. Do you know which one? It is ore. Ore is a type of rock that contains metal. So, the correct answer is (C) ore. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Metal is used to make what? Answer Choices: (A) junkyard (B) ore (C) instruments (D) metal fabrication shop (E) bowls\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that metal is a material. So, it cannot be used to make a place like a junkyard or a shop. Next, we know that metal is usually found in the form of ore, but it is not used to make ore. So, we can eliminate options A and B. Now, let's look at the remaining options. Metal can be used to make instruments, metal fabrication shops, and bowls. However, metal fabrication shops are places where metal is processed, not made. So, we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with options C and E. Metal can be used to make instruments like guitars, drums, and trumpets. It can also be used to make bowls, which are commonly used for eating or cooking. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) instruments and (E) bowls. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A crane uses many a steel cable when working a what? Answer Choices: (A) abaft (B) ship (C) winch (D) construction site (E) building\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Eating breakfast in bed while seeing a homeless person shivering outside your window may cause you to what? Answer Choices: (A) mess (B) hungry (C) feel guilty (D) indigestion (E) spills\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, you are eating breakfast in bed. Next, you see a homeless person shivering outside your window. This may cause you to feel guilty because you have the privilege of eating breakfast in bed while someone else is suffering outside. So, the correct answer is (C) feel guilty. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a very unlikely side effect of becoming inebriated? Answer Choices: (A) fights (B) drunkenness (C) staggering (D) puke (E) paralysis\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what does it mean to become inebriated? It means to become drunk or intoxicated. Next, what are some common side effects of becoming inebriated? Fights, drunkenness, staggering, and puking are all common side effects of becoming inebriated. Finally, what is a very unlikely side effect? Paralysis is a very unlikely side effect of becoming inebriated. It is not a common or expected side effect of being drunk. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) paralysis. The answer is E.\n\nQ: A person with digestion issues eats a meat-filled breakfast, what does he feel? Answer Choices: (A) heartburn (B) overeating (C) happiness (D) being satisfied (E) gain energy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person has digestion issues. This means that their digestive system is not functioning properly and they may experience discomfort or pain after eating certain foods. Next, they eat a meat-filled breakfast. Meat can be difficult to digest, especially for someone with digestion issues. Therefore, the person may feel discomfort or pain in their stomach after eating the meat-filled breakfast. This discomfort is commonly known as heartburn. So, the correct answer is (A) heartburn. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The baby was cranky, it needed to eat breakfast but refused to what? Answer Choices: (A) buy food (B) open mouth (C) get out of bed (D) cry (E) wake up\nA: Let's think step by step. The baby was cranky, meaning it was probably upset or irritable. It needed to eat breakfast, but refused to do what? It refused to open its mouth, which is necessary for eating. So the correct answer is (B) open mouth. The answer is B.\n\nQ: A traveler laments the fact that mass transit is limited in his city when his groceries get soaked by the rain as he waits where? Answer Choices: (A) bus stop (B) library (C) motel (D) airport (E) subway\nA: Let's think step by step. The traveler is waiting for something. What is he waiting for? He is waiting for mass transit. So, he is waiting for a bus, train, or subway. Now, we know that his groceries get soaked by the rain. This means that he is outside. So, he is waiting for mass transit outside. Which of the answer choices is outside? The answer is (A) bus stop. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) bus stop. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If a fried egg was runny and there was no toast to sop it up, after the meal there'd be a messy what? Answer Choices: (A) henhouse (B) garden (C) plate (D) supermarket (E) bird's nest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the fried egg was runny. This means that the yolk was not fully cooked and was still liquid. Next, we know that there was no toast to sop it up. This means that there was nothing to soak up the runny yolk. So, after the meal, there would be a messy plate. The correct answer is (C) plate. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If someone was making breakfast, they'd probably put two slices of bread in the what? Answer Choices: (A) plastic bag (B) pantry (C) supermarket (D) toaster (E) prison\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person would probably get the bread from the pantry or supermarket. Then, they would put the bread in the toaster to toast it. So, the correct answer is (D) toaster. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Eating breakfast in bed while seeing a homeless person shivering outside your window may cause you to what? Answer Choices: (A) mess (B) hungry (C) feel guilty (D) indigestion (E) spills\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where would you find a large dining room containing a fancy chandelier? Answer Choices: (A) mansion (B) every house (C) own home (D) table (E) restaurant\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. 1. A dining room is a room in a house where people eat meals. 2. A large dining room would be bigger than a regular dining room, so it would likely be found in a bigger house. 3. A fancy chandelier is a decorative light fixture, often found in elegant or luxurious settings. 4. Putting all of this together, the most likely answer would be (A) mansion, as mansions are large, luxurious houses that would likely have a large dining room with a fancy chandelier. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: What room would you find many bookcases and is used for contemplation? Answer Choices: (A) study (B) house (C) homw (D) kitchen (E) den\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The first clue is \"many bookcases\". This suggests that the room is likely to be a place for storing and reading books. 2. The second clue is \"contemplation\". This means that the room is used for quiet thinking and reflection. 3. Putting these clues together, the answer is most likely (A) study, as this is a room specifically designed for reading, studying, and quiet contemplation. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where is a human likely to go as a result of being hungry? Answer Choices: (A) eat in restaurant (B) make bread (C) have lunch (D) cook dinner (E) friends house\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person is hungry. What is the first thing they might do? They might want to eat something. So, which answer choice involves eating something? Answer choice (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, and (D) cook dinner all involve eating something. Answer choice (B) make bread does not necessarily involve eating something, and answer choice (E) friend's house does not necessarily involve eating something either. So, the most likely answer is (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, or (D) cook dinner. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Bob's only light source was a small bulb.  There were four walls, if there was a door he couldn't see it.  What was Bob in? Answer Choices: (A) closed room (B) sky (C) dard (D) his grave (E) house\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Bob's only light source was a small bulb. This means that the room is dark and the only light is coming from the small bulb. 2. There were four walls. This means that Bob is in an enclosed space with four walls around him. 3. If there was a door he couldn't see it. This means that there is a possibility of a door, but it is not visible to Bob. Based on these clues, we can conclude that Bob is in a closed room. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) closed room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find a large dining room containing a fancy chandelier? Answer Choices: (A) mansion (B) every house (C) own home (D) table (E) restaurant\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A dining room is a room in a house where people eat meals. 2. A large dining room would be bigger than a regular dining room, so it would likely be found in a bigger house. 3. A fancy chandelier is a decorative light fixture, often found in elegant or luxurious settings. 4. Putting all of this together, the most likely answer would be (A) mansion, as mansions are large, luxurious houses that would likely have a large dining room with a fancy chandelier. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The place where my linen closet is really needs repainting a light color as it only has one overhead light. Answer Choices: (A) house (B) home (C) pool house (D) hallway (E) bedroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is where the linen closet is located. This suggests that it is likely a smaller, enclosed space. Next, we know that it needs repainting, so it is likely a room or area that has walls. Finally, we know that it only has one overhead light, which suggests that it may not have many windows or natural light sources. Based on these clues, the best answer is likely (D) hallway. A hallway is a smaller, enclosed space with walls that may not have many windows or natural light sources. It is also a common area in a house that may need repainting. (E) bedroom could also be a possible answer, but it is less likely as bedrooms typically have more than one light source and may not be as in need of repainting as a hallway. (A) house and (B) home are too broad and do not specifically refer to a smaller, enclosed space. (C) pool house is also too specific and does not fit the clues given. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What would you be building if you designed a place for an annoying critter to stay? Answer Choices: (A) spread disease (B) swamp (C) fly away (D) cat condo (E) bug campers\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is for an annoying critter to stay. This means that the place should be designed to keep the critter contained and prevent it from bothering others. Next, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not fit this purpose. Option (C) does not make sense in this context. Option (D) could work, but it seems more like a place for a pet cat to stay rather than an annoying critter. This leaves us with option (E), bug campers. This could be a suitable option because it implies a small, contained space for the critter to stay in, while also acknowledging that it is a temporary residence. Therefore, the answer is (E) bug campers. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you keep an ottoman near your front door? Answer Choices: (A) living room (B) parlor (C) furniture store (D) basement (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an ottoman? An ottoman is a piece of furniture that is typically used as a footstool or for extra seating. It is usually placed in a living room or family room. So, the answer would be (A) living room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find a large dining room containing a fancy chandelier? Answer Choices: (A) mansion (B) every house (C) own home (D) table (E) restaurant\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: How many hours are in a day? Answer Choices: (A) week (B) bright (C) night (D) twenty four (E) year\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "1 day = 24 hours So, the answer is (D) twenty four. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you need to rest it's often because you have been doing what? Answer Choices: (A) action (B) sleep (C) sleeping (D) in motion (E) using energy\nA: Let's think step by step. When you need to rest, it's often because you feel tired or exhausted. Why do you feel tired or exhausted? It's because you have been using energy. So, the correct answer is (E) using energy. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How many hours are in a day? Answer Choices: (A) week (B) bright (C) night (D) twenty four (E) year\nA: Let's think step by step. 1 day = 24 hours So, the answer is (D) twenty four. The answer is D.\n\nQ: John went to a party that lasted all night.  Because of this, he didn't have time for what? Answer Choices: (A) meeting (B) blowing off steam (C) stay home (D) partying hard (E) studying\nA: Let's think step by step. John went to a party that lasted all night. This means that he spent the entire night at the party. Because of this, he didn't have time for something else. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) meeting - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't have time for another meeting. (B) blowing off steam - This could make sense because John was at a party, which is a way to relax and have fun. But, we need to keep looking at the other choices to make sure. (C) stay home - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be staying home. (D) partying hard - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be partying hard somewhere else. (E) studying - This could make sense because John was at a party all night, so he wouldn't have time to study. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) studying. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you need to use a lantern? Answer Choices: (A) grocery store (B) antique shop (C) house (D) dark place (E) street\nA: Let's think step by step. A lantern is a portable light source that typically uses a fuel source, such as oil or gas, to produce light. It is often used in situations where there is no electricity or in areas with limited lighting. Based on this information, we can eliminate options A, B, and C as they are all places that typically have electricity and lighting. This leaves us with options D and E. A dark place, such as a cave or a basement, would require a lantern to provide light. However, a street may also require a lantern if there are no streetlights or if there is a power outage. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) dark place or (E) street. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The place where my linen closet is really needs repainting a light color as it only has one overhead light. Answer Choices: (A) house (B) home (C) pool house (D) hallway (E) bedroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is where the linen closet is located. This suggests that it is likely a smaller, enclosed space. Next, we know that it needs repainting, so it is likely a room or area that has walls. Finally, we know that it only has one overhead light, which suggests that it may not have many windows or natural light sources. Based on these clues, the best answer is likely (D) hallway. A hallway is a smaller, enclosed space with walls that may not have many windows or natural light sources. It is also a common area in a house that may need repainting. (E) bedroom could also be a possible answer, but it is less likely as bedrooms typically have more than one light source and may not be as in need of repainting as a hallway. (A) house and (B) home are too broad and do not specifically refer to a smaller, enclosed space. (C) pool house is also too specific and does not fit the clues given. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does the sky do before a rain? Answer Choices: (A) appear beautiful (B) appear blue (C) shows a rainbow (D) rain water (E) cloud over\nA: Let's think step by step. Before a rain, the sky does not appear beautiful because it is usually cloudy and gray. It also does not appear blue because the clouds cover the sky. A rainbow can sometimes appear after a rain, but not before. Rain water does not affect the appearance of the sky. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) cloud over. The answer is E.\n\nQ: I want my wine stored in darkness, where should it go? Answer Choices: (A) movies (B) bed (C) moon (D) vault (E) cellar\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that darkness is the key factor, so we can eliminate options (A) movies and (B) bed. Next, we know that wine is typically stored in a cool place, so we can eliminate option (C) moon. This leaves us with options (D) vault and (E) cellar. Both of these options could potentially work, but the most common and traditional place to store wine is in a cellar, so the correct answer is (E) cellar. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How many hours are in a day? Answer Choices: (A) week (B) bright (C) night (D) twenty four (E) year\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Sally was afraid of danger and always double checked what? Answer Choices: (A) fight enemy (B) secure (C) being safe (D) safety (E) vicinity\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Sally was afraid of danger. What does that mean? It means that she was afraid of getting hurt or being in a situation that could cause harm. So, what do you think she would do to make sure she was not in danger? She would probably double check something. What do you think she would double check? She would probably double check something that would help her stay safe. So, the correct answer is (D) safety. Sally always double checked her safety to make sure she was not in danger. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Sally used a clipboard to hold her papers while she read off names at the beginning of the day.  Where might she work? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) windows 95 (C) office supply store (D) see work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Sally is using a clipboard to hold papers. This suggests that she has a lot of papers to keep track of and needs a portable surface to write on. 2. She is also reading off names, which could indicate that she is checking attendance or taking roll call. 3. This activity is happening at the beginning of the day, which could suggest that she is starting a work day or a school day. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (E) school. Sally could be a teacher or an administrative staff member at a school, using the clipboard to take attendance or keep track of important documents. The other answer choices do not fit as well with the given information. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you have a child who gets in trouble for being hyperactive you may need to teach them how to what down? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) calm (C) being good (D) good behavior (E) safe\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify the problem - the child is getting in trouble for being hyperactive. Next, we need to think about what the child needs to learn - how to calm down. So, the answer is (B) calm. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you want to kill someone you can do what to them with a gun? Answer Choices: (A) sip through (B) damnation (C) shoot (D) commit crime (E) eat breakfast\nA: Let's think step by step. If you want to kill someone, you can do what to them with a gun? Well, you can shoot them. So the correct answer is (C) shoot. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sally was afraid of danger and always double checked what? Answer Choices: (A) fight enemy (B) secure (C) being safe (D) safety (E) vicinity\nA: Let's think step by step. Sally was afraid of danger. What does that mean? It means that she was afraid of getting hurt or being in a situation that could cause harm. So, what do you think she would do to make sure she was not in danger? She would probably double check something. What do you think she would double check? She would probably double check something that would help her stay safe. So, the correct answer is (D) safety. Sally always double checked her safety to make sure she was not in danger. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where are you when you're about to use your plane ticket? Answer Choices: (A) pocket (B) terrorists hands (C) airport (D) sea ship (E) briefcase\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to purchase a plane ticket. This can be done online or at a travel agency, so you could be at home or at a travel agency when you buy the ticket. Next, you would need to pack your bags and get ready to leave for your trip. This could be done at home or at a hotel if you are already traveling. Finally, you would need to go to the airport to check in and board your flight. So, the most likely answer is (C) airport. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The hostess greeted the employees to the program, she then led them to their what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) welcome guests (C) occupations (D) work room (E) seat customer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the hostess greeted the employees. Then, she led them to their...what? The answer choices are (A) group people, (B) welcome guests, (C) occupations, (D) work room, and (E) seat customer. Based on the context, it is most likely that the hostess led the employees to their work room. This is where they will be working during the program. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) work room. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The weasel was becoming a problem, it kept getting into the chicken eggs kept in the what? Answer Choices: (A) forrest (B) barn (C) public office (D) out of doors (E) freezer\nA: Let's think step by step. The weasel was becoming a problem. Why? Because it kept getting into the chicken eggs. Where were the chicken eggs kept? In the barn. So, the correct answer is (B) barn. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sally was afraid of danger and always double checked what? Answer Choices: (A) fight enemy (B) secure (C) being safe (D) safety (E) vicinity\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: In basic training they build you up only to do what, all in hopes of building you up even stronger the next time? Answer Choices: (A) destroying (B) tear down (C) raze (D) mutilate (E) demolition\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. In basic training, they build you up. This means that they are making you stronger, both physically and mentally. So, the next step is to build you up even stronger. This means that they want to make you even stronger than you already are. So, the correct answer is (B) tear down. They build you up only to tear you down, in hopes of building you up even stronger the next time. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would stones not be arranged in a path? Answer Choices: (A) quarries (B) field (C) park (D) bridge (E) made from rocks\nA: Let's think step by step. Stones are often used to create paths in outdoor spaces, such as parks, gardens, and even bridges. They are also commonly found in quarries, which are areas where rocks are extracted for building materials. However, they would not be arranged in a path in a field, as fields are typically open spaces used for farming or grazing animals. So, the correct answer is (B) field. The answer is B.\n\nQ: In basic training they build you up only to do what, all in hopes of building you up even stronger the next time? Answer Choices: (A) destroying (B) tear down (C) raze (D) mutilate (E) demolition\nA: Let's think step by step. In basic training, they build you up. This means that they are making you stronger, both physically and mentally. So, the next step is to build you up even stronger. This means that they want to make you even stronger than you already are. So, the correct answer is (B) tear down. They build you up only to tear you down, in hopes of building you up even stronger the next time. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you want to kill someone you can do what to them with a gun? Answer Choices: (A) sip through (B) damnation (C) shoot (D) commit crime (E) eat breakfast\nA: Let's think step by step. If you want to kill someone, you can do what to them with a gun? Well, you can shoot them. So the correct answer is (C) shoot. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The soldier was told to get to the rendezvous point, for there he was suppose to what? Answer Choices: (A) fight enemy (B) go to war (C) fight for freedom (D) wait for orders (E) follow instructions\nA: Let's think step by step. The soldier was told to get to the rendezvous point. This means that he was given a specific location to go to. Now, why was he told to go there? The sentence says \"for there he was supposed to...\" This means that the reason for going to the rendezvous point is coming next. The answer choices are (A) fight enemy, (B) go to war, (C) fight for freedom, (D) wait for orders, and (E) follow instructions. Out of these options, the most logical reason for the soldier to go to the rendezvous point is to (D) wait for orders. This makes sense because the rendezvous point is a designated location where the soldier can receive further instructions or orders from his superiors. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What area does a police officer patrol? Answer Choices: (A) direct traffic (B) city (C) beat (D) street (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a police officer's job? A police officer's job is to enforce laws and maintain public order. Next, what does it mean to patrol? To patrol means to regularly walk or drive around an area to make sure everything is safe and in order. So, what area does a police officer patrol? A police officer patrols a specific area, called a beat, within a city. This could include streets, parks, and other public areas. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) beat. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Setting up framing, truss and beam are some of the first steps in what? Answer Choices: (A) new construction (B) warehouse (C) driving (D) ceiling (E) bridge\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to set up framing, truss, and beam. This sounds like the beginning stages of building a structure. So, the answer must be (A) new construction. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He was at the gym trying to build muscle, what is it called that he is trying to build muscle on? Answer Choices: (A) body of animal (B) arm (C) bodybuilder (D) body of dog (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. He is at the gym. 2. He is trying to build muscle. 3. What is he trying to build muscle on? Based on the context, the answer would be the human body. The answer is E.\n\nQ: All the power tools like the drill used for fixing cars made for a very loud workplace where? Answer Choices: (A) basement (B) work shop (C) tool shed (D) repair shop (E) store room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the power tools are used for fixing cars. This means that the workplace is likely a place where cars are being repaired. This eliminates options (A), (C), and (E) because they are not typically associated with car repair. Next, we know that the workplace is loud because of the power tools. This suggests that it is a busy and active place, which eliminates option (B) because a workshop is typically a quieter and more controlled environment. This leaves us with option (D), repair shop, as the most likely answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: In basic training they build you up only to do what, all in hopes of building you up even stronger the next time? Answer Choices: (A) destroying (B) tear down (C) raze (D) mutilate (E) demolition\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: She wanted a kitten and puppy so why did she only get the puppy? Answer Choices: (A) one choice for pet (B) cute (C) kennel (D) soft (E) waxy\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The girl wanted a kitten and a puppy. This means she wanted two pets. However, she only got the puppy. This means she had to make a choice between the kitten and the puppy. So, the correct answer is (A) one choice for pet. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time? Answer Choices: (A) shelter (B) floor (C) warm place (D) farmhouse (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the kitten's mother is a mouser, meaning she is good at catching mice. Next, we know that the kitten is going to grow up to be a mouser like its mother. So, where would the kitten need to spend most of its time in order to learn how to be a good mouser? The best answer would be (D) farmhouse, as this is where the mother would most likely be catching mice and the kitten could observe and learn from her. The answer is D.\n\nQ: When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? Answer Choices: (A) start fighting (B) play (C) lots of attention (D) petted (E) bone\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you have to approach the dog. Then, you have to reach out your hand. Next, you have to gently touch the dog's fur. Finally, you have to move your hand back and forth. Based on these steps, the correct answer is (D) petted. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does a successful dog grooming session likely to make a owner feel? Answer Choices: (A) cleanliness (B) mistakes (C) growth (D) satisfaction (E) late\nA: Let's think step by step. A successful dog grooming session is likely to make an owner feel satisfied. Why? Because the dog is clean and well-groomed, which brings a sense of cleanliness and satisfaction to the owner. The owner may also feel a sense of growth, as they have successfully completed a task and improved their grooming skills. They are unlikely to feel mistakes, unless something went wrong during the session. They may also feel a sense of being late if they were running behind schedule, but this is not a likely feeling associated with a successful grooming session. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) satisfaction. The answer is D.\n\nQ: For some reason she was devoid of regular emotions, buying products was the only way she could feel what? Answer Choices: (A) pleasure (B) owning (C) debt (D) spending money (E) smart\nA: Let's think step by step. The sentence says that the person is \"devoid of regular emotions.\" This means that she does not experience emotions like most people do. So, what is the only way she can feel something? The next part of the sentence says \"buying products.\" This means that buying products is the only way she can feel something. Now, we need to figure out what that something is. The sentence says \"she could feel.\" This means that she is able to feel something. The next part of the sentence says \"what?\" This means that we need to fill in the blank with the thing she is able to feel. The options are: pleasure, owning, debt, spending money, and smart. Out of these options, the best answer is (A) pleasure. This is because buying products can give a person pleasure or a feeling of enjoyment or satisfaction. The other options do not make sense in the context of the sentence. The answer is A.\n\nQ: There was more than one bum asking for change or a ticket, it was the cheapest way to travel so it was no surprise sight at the what? Answer Choices: (A) train station (B) beach (C) bus depot (D) bridge (E) stumblebum\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The sentence mentions \"the cheapest way to travel,\" which suggests that the location is a transportation hub. 2. The sentence also mentions \"asking for change or a ticket,\" which suggests that the location is a place where people can buy tickets or board a mode of transportation. 3. The sentence mentions \"more than one bum,\" which suggests that the location is a public place where people can gather. 4. Putting all of these clues together, the most likely answer is (C) bus depot. This is a place where people can buy bus tickets and board buses, it is a transportation hub, and it is a public place where people can gather. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) ready parlor for guests (C) welcome guests (D) work room (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. The hostess was good at her job. What was her job? Her job was to welcome guests. So, the answer is (C) welcome guests. The answer is C.\n\nQ: She wanted a kitten and puppy so why did she only get the puppy? Answer Choices: (A) one choice for pet (B) cute (C) kennel (D) soft (E) waxy\nA: Let's think step by step. The girl wanted a kitten and a puppy. This means she wanted two pets. However, she only got the puppy. This means she had to make a choice between the kitten and the puppy. So, the correct answer is (A) one choice for pet. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What might I place under the furniture? Answer Choices: (A) rug (B) room (C) toy (D) friend's house (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is the furniture? It could be a couch, a table, a chair, etc. Next, what could you place under the furniture? A rug could go under a couch or table. A toy could also go under a couch or table. A friend's house or building would not typically go under furniture. So, the best answer would be either (A) rug or (C) toy. The answer is A.\n\nQ: She wanted a kitten and puppy so why did she only get the puppy? Answer Choices: (A) one choice for pet (B) cute (C) kennel (D) soft (E) waxy\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? Answer Choices: (A) start fighting (B) play (C) lots of attention (D) petted (E) bone\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you have to approach the dog. Then, you have to reach out your hand. Next, you have to gently touch the dog's fur. Finally, you have to move your hand back and forth. Based on these steps, the correct answer is (D) petted. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does a person do when they feel dirty? Answer Choices: (A) feel lucky (B) cross street (C) wash themselves (D) eat (E) wonder what happened\nA: Let's think step by step. When a person feels dirty, they may first (E) wonder what happened. Then, they may (B) cross the street to avoid getting any dirtier. Next, they may (D) eat something to distract themselves from the feeling. However, the most logical and common response would be to (C) wash themselves to get rid of the dirt. So, the correct answer is (C) wash themselves. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The student explained he had a clue what neuroepithelium was and got really nervous, he then lost his balance because a what issue? Answer Choices: (A) tastebud (B) retina (C) inner ear (D) nasal cavity (E) autistic\nA: Let's think step by step. The student explained he had a clue what neuroepithelium was and got really nervous. This means that he was talking about neuroepithelium, but he was not sure about it. This could be because he was not familiar with the term or because he was not confident in his understanding of it. This could cause him to feel nervous and lose his balance. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) tastebud and (B) retina are not related to neuroepithelium, so they can be eliminated. (E) autistic is also not related to neuroepithelium and does not make sense in this context. This leaves us with (C) inner ear and (D) nasal cavity. Both of these structures contain neuroepithelium, but the inner ear is responsible for balance and equilibrium, while the nasal cavity is responsible for smell. Since the student lost his balance, the correct answer is (C) inner ear. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work, but once he got to his destination he balled it up and put it somewhere. Where did it put it? Answer Choices: (A) trash (B) floor (C) subway (D) ground (E) lawn\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work. This means that he was holding the newspaper in his hands while he was on his way to work. 2. Once he got to his destination, he balled it up. This means that he crumpled the newspaper into a ball. 3. Finally, he put it somewhere. This means that he placed the balled up newspaper in a specific location. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: According to what book did an apple tree lead to the downfall of man? Answer Choices: (A) bible (B) spain (C) harry potter (D) new york (E) woods\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The apple tree led to the downfall of man. This event is commonly known as the Original Sin, which is described in the Bible. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) bible. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What could an apple tree do? Answer Choices: (A) new hampshire (B) bloom (C) washington state (D) sunshine (E) spontaneously combust\nA: Let's think step by step. An apple tree is a type of tree that produces apples. So, it cannot be a place like New Hampshire or Washington State. It also cannot produce sunshine or spontaneously combust. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) bloom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man started to learn jogging, what was he hoping to do? Answer Choices: (A) exhaustion (B) getting in shape (C) fitness (D) injure himself (E) fatigue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man started to learn jogging. This means he is trying to learn how to jog. Why would someone want to learn how to jog? Jogging is a form of exercise, so perhaps he wants to exercise. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) exhaustion and (E) fatigue both mean being very tired, so these are not the correct answers. (D) injure himself is the opposite of what someone would want to do when learning a new activity, so this is not the correct answer either. This leaves us with (B) getting in shape and (C) fitness. Both of these answers are related to improving one's physical health and well-being, which is a common reason for starting to jog. However, (B) getting in shape is a more specific and direct answer, so it is the best choice. Therefore, the man was hoping to get in shape by learning how to jog. The answer is B.\n\nQ: WHat leads to an early death? Answer Choices: (A) poisonous gas (B) homicide (C) cinder (D) nuclear weapons (E) cyanide\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what leads to an early death. The answer choices are: (A) poisonous gas, (B) homicide, (C) cinder, (D) nuclear weapons, and (E) cyanide. Out of these options, the most likely answer is (B) homicide, as it refers to the act of killing another person. Poisonous gas, cinder, nuclear weapons, and cyanide can also lead to death, but they are not as commonly associated with an early death as homicide. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) homicide. The answer is B.\n\nQ: According to what book did an apple tree lead to the downfall of man? Answer Choices: (A) bible (B) spain (C) harry potter (D) new york (E) woods\nA: Let's think step by step. The apple tree led to the downfall of man. This event is commonly known as the Original Sin, which is described in the Bible. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) bible. The answer is A.\n\nQ: They passed a apple tree on their way to the racetrack, the were going to watch the biggest motorsport spectacle in the world where? Answer Choices: (A) maryland (B) indiana (C) on tv (D) park (E) new jersey\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they passed an apple tree. Then, they were going to watch the biggest motorsport spectacle in the world. So, where could this be? It's not likely to be on TV or in a park, as those are not physical locations. It's also not likely to be in Maryland or New Jersey, as those are states and not specific locations. That leaves us with Indiana. So, the answer is (B) Indiana. The answer is B.\n\nQ: In the building where James worked there was a small mezzanine in the auditorium to make more space for seats.  Where might James work? Answer Choices: (A) theater (B) floors (C) concert hall (D) education (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. James works in a building. The building has an auditorium. In the auditorium, there is a small mezzanine. The purpose of the mezzanine is to make more space for seats. Based on this information, we can infer that James works in a place where there are performances or events that require an auditorium. This could be a theater, concert hall, or school. However, since the mezzanine was built to make more space for seats, it is more likely that James works in a theater or concert hall where there are larger audiences. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) theater or (C) concert hall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The weasel ran up away from danger, somebody joked only our first president could get him down from the what? Answer Choices: (A) washington dc (B) ladder (C) natural history museum (D) cherry tree (E) chicken coop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the weasel ran up away from danger. Then, somebody joked that only our first president could get him down from the what? This means that the answer must be something that our first president is known for. The only option that fits this description is (D) cherry tree. George Washington is famously known for chopping down a cherry tree and then admitting to it, saying \"I cannot tell a lie.\" Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cherry tree. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where is a great place to buy fresh fruit? Answer Choices: (A) san francisco (B) refrigerator (C) big box retailer (D) tree (E) market\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells fresh fruit. Option (B) refrigerator is not a good choice because refrigerators are used to store food, not sell it. Option (D) tree is also not a good choice because we need a place where we can buy fruit, not pick it ourselves. Option (C) big box retailer may sell fresh fruit, but it is not their main focus and the quality may not be as good. Option (A) San Francisco is a city, not a specific place to buy fruit. This leaves us with option (E) market as the best choice. Markets are known for selling fresh produce, including fruit, and often have a wide variety to choose from. The answer is E.\n\nQ: According to what book did an apple tree lead to the downfall of man? Answer Choices: (A) bible (B) spain (C) harry potter (D) new york (E) woods\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The lock kept the steering wheel from moving, but the thief still took his chances and began to work on the what? Answer Choices: (A) keep cloesd (B) train (C) ignition switch (D) drawer (E) firearm\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The lock kept the steering wheel from moving, so the thief couldn't drive the car. However, the thief still took his chances, which means he still tried to do something. So, what did he try to do? He began to work on the...? The answer is C) ignition switch. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: What would someone use a personal key for? Answer Choices: (A) car stand (B) at hotel (C) own home (D) front door (E) bus depot\nA: Let's think step by step. A personal key is a small object that is used to open or lock something. So, it is used to open or lock something. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A car stand is a place where cars are parked, so it doesn't make sense to use a personal key there. A hotel is a place where people stay temporarily, so it is unlikely that someone would use a personal key there. A bus depot is a place where buses come and go, so it is also unlikely that someone would use a personal key there. This leaves us with two options: own home and front door. Both of these options make sense because a personal key can be used to open or lock the front door of someone's own home. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) own home or (D) front door. The answer is C.\n\nQ: There was a long cottage somewhere.  People thought it was haunted.  It was overgrown, there was nothing near it.  It's was far into the what? Answer Choices: (A) mountains (B) countryside (C) train (D) painting (E) village\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that there is a long cottage somewhere. Next, we know that people think it is haunted. Then, we know that it is overgrown and there is nothing near it. Finally, we are given a clue that it is far into something. Based on the context, the most logical answer would be (B) countryside. The other options do not fit with the description of the cottage being overgrown and isolated. The answer is B.\n\nQ: After working on the car, what did it end up doing? Answer Choices: (A) going too fast (B) last several years (C) honk the horn (D) go fast (E) start running\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what the car was doing before it was worked on. The passage doesn't mention anything about the car's condition before it was worked on, so we can't assume anything. Next, we need to think about what the car was worked on for. The passage doesn't mention anything about the car being worked on to make it go faster, so we can eliminate answer choices (A) and (D). The passage also doesn't mention anything about the car being worked on to make it last longer, so we can eliminate answer choice (B). The passage also doesn't mention anything about the car's horn, so we can eliminate answer choice (C). That leaves us with answer choice (E), which says the car started running. This makes sense because if the car wasn't running before it was worked on, then the goal of working on it would be to make it start running again. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) start running. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the process of going somewhere? Answer Choices: (A) fire (B) energy (C) car (D) transporting (E) staying in place\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to decide where you want to go. Then, you need to plan your route and mode of transportation. This could involve using a car, taking public transportation, or walking. Next, you need to gather any necessary items, such as a map or tickets. Once you have everything you need, you physically move from your starting point to your destination. This could involve driving, riding a bus or train, or walking. Finally, you arrive at your destination and complete any necessary tasks or activities. The process of going somewhere involves a combination of decision-making, planning, physical movement, and arrival at a destination. So, the best answer would be (D) transporting. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The lock kept the steering wheel from moving, but the thief still took his chances and began to work on the what? Answer Choices: (A) keep cloesd (B) train (C) ignition switch (D) drawer (E) firearm\nA: Let's think step by step. The lock kept the steering wheel from moving, so the thief couldn't drive the car. However, the thief still took his chances, which means he still tried to do something. So, what did he try to do? He began to work on the...? The answer is C) ignition switch. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The dad wanted to protect his house, where did he put his gun? Answer Choices: (A) police station (B) crime scene (C) restroom (D) drawer (E) holster\nA: Let's think step by step. The dad wanted to protect his house, so he needed to have his gun ready. Where would be the most logical place for him to keep his gun? It wouldn't make sense for him to keep it at the police station or at a crime scene, as those are not places where he would have easy access to it. It also wouldn't make sense for him to keep it in the restroom, as that is not a secure location. The most logical answer would be (D) drawer, as that is a common place for people to keep their personal belongings and it would be easily accessible for the dad to grab in case of an emergency. (E) holster could also be a possible answer, as some people choose to carry their guns in a holster on their person. However, without any further context, (D) drawer seems like the most logical answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Danny found an old film in a sealed what? Answer Choices: (A) clingfilm (B) disneyland (C) cave (D) cabinet (E) movie\nA: Let's think step by step. Danny found an old film. Where did he find it? In a sealed what? The answer choices are: clingfilm, disneyland, cave, cabinet, and movie. Which one makes the most sense? It wouldn't make sense for Danny to find an old film in clingfilm, Disneyland, or a cave. That leaves us with cabinet and movie. Since the film was found in a sealed place, it is most likely that Danny found it in a sealed cabinet. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cabinet. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The weasel was becoming a problem, it kept getting into the chicken eggs kept in the what? Answer Choices: (A) forrest (B) barn (C) public office (D) out of doors (E) freezer\nA: Let's think step by step. The weasel was becoming a problem. Why? Because it kept getting into the chicken eggs. Where were the chicken eggs kept? In the barn. So, the correct answer is (B) barn. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If I put in my key and open a hinged door, where am I likely entering? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) safe (C) own house (D) building (E) pantry\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you put in your key, which means you are likely at a locked door. Then, you open the door, which means you are entering through the door. Based on the answer choices, the most likely answer is (C) own house, as you are using a key to enter your own home. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The lock kept the steering wheel from moving, but the thief still took his chances and began to work on the what? Answer Choices: (A) keep cloesd (B) train (C) ignition switch (D) drawer (E) firearm\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: I am cold, what should I do to stay warm? Answer Choices: (A) stay in bed (B) light fire (C) freezer (D) lay on ice (E) spit\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that I am cold. This means that I need to do something to warm up. Next, we need to think about what could help us warm up. Staying in bed might help, but it's not a guaranteed way to stay warm. Laying on ice or spitting would actually make us colder. So, the best answer would be to light a fire. A fire produces heat and can help us stay warm. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? Answer Choices: (A) write sentences on paper (B) ink in (C) ink cartridges (D) caps (E) cling film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to prevent - the pen from drying out. Then, we need to think about what could cause the pen to dry out - exposure to air. Finally, we need to think about what could cover or seal the pen to prevent air from getting in - a cap or cling film. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) caps. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do young boys do on the ice in the winter? Answer Choices: (A) ski (B) play hockey (C) summer (D) knit (E) warm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what ice is. Ice is a solid form of water that is frozen at a temperature of 0 degrees Celsius or 32 degrees Fahrenheit. So, what do young boys do on the ice in the winter? They can't swim or go boating like they might do in the summer. They also can't knit or warm themselves up on the ice. That leaves us with two options: ski or play hockey. While skiing is a popular winter activity, it is more commonly associated with adults or families. Young boys are more likely to play hockey on the ice in the winter. So, the correct answer is (B) play hockey. The answer is B.\n\nQ: On a hot day what can you do to enjoy something cool and sweet? Answer Choices: (A) dive (B) cool off (C) fresh cake (D) go for swim (E) eat ice cream\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we want to enjoy something cool and sweet. What are some things that are cool and sweet? Ice cream is definitely one of them, so that's one option. Another option could be a fresh cake, but that might not necessarily be cool. So, let's go with ice cream. Now, what can we do to enjoy ice cream on a hot day? We could dive into a pool, but that doesn't really involve the ice cream. We could go for a swim, but that's not really specific to enjoying something cool and sweet. So, the best answer would be to eat ice cream. That way, we can cool off and enjoy something sweet at the same time. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The person wasn't bothered by the weather, she had remembered to bring her what? Answer Choices: (A) read book (B) own house (C) apartment (D) more rice (E) warm coat\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wasn't bothered by the weather. This means that the weather was not affecting her negatively. So, what could she have brought that would help her not be bothered by the weather? The answer is (E) warm coat. A warm coat would protect her from the cold and keep her comfortable in the weather. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you have a stove if you don't live in a detached dwelling? Answer Choices: (A) tent (B) car (C) living room (D) friend's house (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a stove is. A stove is a kitchen appliance used for cooking food. It usually consists of an oven and burners on top for cooking on pots and pans. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A tent is not a suitable place for a stove as it is a temporary shelter and does not have a proper kitchen setup. A car is also not a suitable place for a stove as it is a small and confined space. A living room is a common area in a house, but it is not a suitable place for a stove as it is not a designated kitchen area. A friend's house could be a possibility, but it would depend on whether they have a stove and if they are willing to let you use it. The most suitable answer would be an apartment. An apartment is a type of housing that is attached to other units and typically has a designated kitchen area with a stove. Therefore, if you don't live in a detached dwelling, you would most likely have a stove in your apartment. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If I was watching TV on the couch and the air was stuffy, I might turn the fan on to make the what more comfortable? Answer Choices: (A) hockey game (B) living room (C) bathroom (D) football stadium (E) hot room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the air is stuffy. This means that it is warm and stagnant, making it uncomfortable. Next, we know that I am watching TV on the couch. This means that I am most likely in a living room or a similar space. Finally, we know that I might turn the fan on to make the space more comfortable. Putting all of this together, the most logical answer is (B) living room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What would you put meat on top of to cook it? Answer Choices: (A) oil (B) freezer (C) ham sandwich (D) oven (E) frying pan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to thaw the meat if it was in the freezer. Then, you would need to season the meat with oil or other spices. Next, you would need to cook the meat in some way. You could put it in the oven, but that would take a while. You could also put it in a frying pan, which would cook it faster. So, the best answer would be (E) frying pan. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: I am cold, what should I do to stay warm? Answer Choices: (A) stay in bed (B) light fire (C) freezer (D) lay on ice (E) spit\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What might a very large table be? Answer Choices: (A) dining room (B) conference (C) kitchen (D) in a lake (E) demonstration\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that a table is a piece of furniture used for eating, working, or displaying items. Next, we know that the table is very large. This means that it is bigger than a regular table. So, what type of table would be very large? A dining room table, a conference table, or a demonstration table could all be very large. However, a kitchen table is typically smaller and not used for meetings or demonstrations. Additionally, a table in a lake does not make sense. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) conference. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: What furniture will you normally find near a side chair? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) table (C) wheel barrow (D) building (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. A side chair is typically used for sitting, so it would make sense to have a table nearby for placing items or eating. A bedroom or office may also have a side chair for sitting at a desk or vanity. A wheelbarrow and building are not typically associated with side chairs. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) table. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Flowers make a good center focal point, just one of many arrangements that look good on a what? Answer Choices: (A) market (B) table (C) countryside (D) anthology (E) vase\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that flowers make a good center focal point. This means that flowers are good for being the main focus of something. Next, we know that this is just one of many arrangements. This means that there are many different ways to arrange flowers. Finally, we know that this arrangement looks good on something. So, what is that something? It must be something that can hold flowers and make them look good. The only answer choice that fits this description is (B) table. A table can hold flowers and make them look good as a center focal point. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) table. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where is a human likely to go as a result of being hungry? Answer Choices: (A) eat in restaurant (B) make bread (C) have lunch (D) cook dinner (E) friends house\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person is hungry. What is the first thing they might do? They might want to eat something. So, which answer choice involves eating something? Answer choice (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, and (D) cook dinner all involve eating something. Answer choice (B) make bread does not necessarily involve eating something, and answer choice (E) friend's house does not necessarily involve eating something either. So, the most likely answer is (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, or (D) cook dinner. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The table wasn't level.  some parts were higher and some were lower with no rhyme or reason.   It was very what? Answer Choices: (A) electrical circuit (B) build evenly (C) uneven (D) unbalanced (E) tilted\nA: Let's think step by step. The table wasn't level. This means that it was not flat and even. Some parts were higher and some were lower. This means that the surface of the table was not consistent. There was no rhyme or reason, meaning that there was no logical or predictable pattern to the unevenness. Putting all of this together, we can say that the table was very uneven. So, the correct answer is (C) uneven. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you find a large dining room containing a fancy chandelier? Answer Choices: (A) mansion (B) every house (C) own home (D) table (E) restaurant\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A dining room is a room in a house where people eat meals. 2. A large dining room would be bigger than a regular dining room, so it would likely be found in a bigger house. 3. A fancy chandelier is a decorative light fixture, often found in elegant or luxurious settings. 4. Putting all of this together, the most likely answer would be (A) mansion, as mansions are large, luxurious houses that would likely have a large dining room with a fancy chandelier. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.\n\nQ: I'm having some food at my party, what will I need to serve it? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) pan (C) bowl (D) kitchen (E) spoon\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need a place to prepare and cook the food, so you will need a kitchen. Next, you will need something to cook the food in, so you will need a pan. Once the food is cooked, you will need something to serve it in, so you will need a bowl. Finally, you will need utensils to eat the food with, so you will need spoons. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spoon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John was traveling to a new city and took time to check out a business.  He noticed that its carpet was stained with sauces and ketchup. What type of business might that be? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) chair (C) bowling alley (D) at hotel (E) restaurant\nA: Let's think step by step. John was traveling to a new city, so it's likely that he was staying at a hotel. However, the question mentions that he took time to check out a business, so it's not a hotel. Next, we know that the carpet was stained with sauces and ketchup, which is a common occurrence in restaurants. Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) restaurant. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What might a very large table be? Answer Choices: (A) dining room (B) conference (C) kitchen (D) in a lake (E) demonstration\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: James slamed into someone playing football, and not for the first time.  He was concerned about the consequences of many what? Answer Choices: (A) exhilaration (B) interactions (C) head injuries (D) death (E) having fun\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. James slammed into someone playing football. This means that James collided with someone while playing football. The sentence also says that this is not the first time this has happened. So, James has collided with someone multiple times while playing football. Now, the sentence says that James is concerned about the consequences of many what? The word \"many\" indicates that there are multiple consequences that James is worried about. So, what are these consequences? The answer choices are: (A) exhilaration, (B) interactions, (C) head injuries, (D) death, and (E) having fun. Out of these options, the only one that makes sense as a consequence of repeatedly slamming into someone while playing football is (C) head injuries. This means that James is worried about getting injured in the head from these collisions. So, the correct answer is (C) head injuries. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: John and Joe like planning games but Joe  was hit by a ball and fell down. What might have happened to Joe. Answer Choices: (A) anger (B) good natured ribbing. (C) enjoying (D) injury (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that John and Joe like planning games. This means that they enjoy playing games together. However, something happened to Joe. He was hit by a ball and fell down. This suggests that he may have been injured. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) injury. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What are people likely to do when an unexpected decent outcome occurs? Answer Choices: (A) kill each other (B) thank god (C) experience pain (D) hatred (E) talk to each other\nA: Let's think step by step. If an unexpected decent outcome occurs, people are likely to feel happy or relieved. They may also feel grateful or lucky. So, what are some things people might do when they feel happy, relieved, grateful, or lucky? They might express their emotions by smiling, laughing, or jumping for joy. They might also hug or high-five each other. They might say things like \"Wow!\" or \"That's amazing!\" or \"I can't believe it!\" They might also thank someone or something for the outcome, such as saying \"Thank God!\" or \"Thank goodness!\" or \"Thank you, universe!\" So, out of the answer choices given, the most likely option is (B) thank god. The answer is B.\n\nQ: James slamed into someone playing football, and not for the first time.  He was concerned about the consequences of many what? Answer Choices: (A) exhilaration (B) interactions (C) head injuries (D) death (E) having fun\nA: Let's think step by step. James slammed into someone playing football. This means that James collided with someone while playing football. The sentence also says that this is not the first time this has happened. So, James has collided with someone multiple times while playing football. Now, the sentence says that James is concerned about the consequences of many what? The word \"many\" indicates that there are multiple consequences that James is worried about. So, what are these consequences? The answer choices are: (A) exhilaration, (B) interactions, (C) head injuries, (D) death, and (E) having fun. Out of these options, the only one that makes sense as a consequence of repeatedly slamming into someone while playing football is (C) head injuries. This means that James is worried about getting injured in the head from these collisions. So, the correct answer is (C) head injuries. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sean was leaving work and took the roadway that led to his what? Answer Choices: (A) neighborhood (B) city (C) fate (D) countryside (E) maps\nA: Let's think step by step. Sean was leaving work. So, he was at work. Then, he took the roadway. So, he was on the roadway. The roadway led to his...? The answer is (A) neighborhood. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The ball was hit over a boundary and struck an audience member.  What kind of game were they playing? Answer Choices: (A) sporting event (B) sporting (C) basketball (D) society (E) ranch country\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the ball was hit over a boundary, which suggests that it was a game with boundaries, such as a field or court. This rules out options D and E. Next, we know that the ball struck an audience member, which suggests that it was a game with spectators. This rules out option C. Finally, we know that the ball was hit, which suggests that it was a game involving a ball. This rules out option D. Therefore, the most likely answer is A) sporting event. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The vet found malignant tumors on the animals, what is their likely fate? Answer Choices: (A) euthanasia (B) pass water (C) die of cancer (D) feel pain (E) feel pleasure\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what does \"malignant\" mean? It means harmful or cancerous. So, the animals have cancer. What is the likely fate of animals with cancer? They will likely die of cancer. So, the correct answer is (C) die of cancer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: James is carrying a duffel bag with him because he doesn't have a vehicle of his own and needs a bag to carry his things in while he uses what? Answer Choices: (A) library (B) transit (C) bus station (D) army barracks (E) locker room\nA: Let's think step by step. James doesn't have a vehicle of his own, so he needs to use something else to get around. The answer choices are library, transit, bus station, army barracks, and locker room. Which of these options is most likely to provide transportation for James? The answer is transit, which is a system of public transportation such as buses or trains. Therefore, James is most likely using transit to get around and is carrying a duffel bag with him to carry his things while he travels. The answer is B.\n\nQ: James slamed into someone playing football, and not for the first time.  He was concerned about the consequences of many what? Answer Choices: (A) exhilaration (B) interactions (C) head injuries (D) death (E) having fun\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The man tried to reply to the woman, but he had difficulty keeping track of conversations that he didn't do what to? Answer Choices: (A) initiate (B) ignore (C) question (D) answer (E) ask\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. The man had difficulty keeping track of conversations. This means that he had trouble following and understanding conversations. So, what did he not do? He did not do something that would help him understand the conversation. He did not initiate the conversation, as this would mean he started it. He did not ignore the conversation, as this would mean he was not paying attention to it. He did not question the conversation, as this would mean he was asking for clarification. He did not answer the conversation, as this would mean he was responding to it. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) ask. By asking questions, the man could better understand the conversation. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man laid on the soft moss and looked up at the trees, where was the man? Answer Choices: (A) niagra falls (B) forest (C) waterfall (D) ground (E) tree\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is laying on soft moss, so he is not on a hard surface like the ground or a waterfall. He is also looking up at trees, so he must be in a place with tall trees. This eliminates options A and C. The man is also able to lay down comfortably, so he is not on a tree. This leaves us with option B, forest, as the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is someone usually doing if someone else is talking to him or her? Answer Choices: (A) listening (B) language (C) looking at eyes (D) planning the perfect murder (E) voice\nA: Let's think step by step. If someone else is talking to him or her, that means the person is not talking themselves. So, we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Option D is not a likely answer, as it is not a common or appropriate response to someone talking to you. That leaves us with option A, listening, as the most likely answer. When someone is talking to you, you are usually listening to what they are saying. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) listening. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The couple explained they were having trouble communicating, it seemed every conversation took great what? Answer Choices: (A) thinking (B) effort (C) laugh (D) force (E) medium\nA: Let's think step by step. The couple is having trouble communicating. What does that mean? It means that they are having difficulty talking to each other and understanding each other. So, what do they need to do to have a successful conversation? They need to put in effort. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) effort. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The town house went right to the curb, a slot effectively made a mailbox of the what? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) front door (C) back door (D) street corner (E) porch\nA: Let's think step by step. The town house went right to the curb. This means that the town house is located right next to the curb, or the edge of the sidewalk. Now, the next part says \"a slot effectively made a mailbox.\" This means that there is a slot, or an opening, that is used as a mailbox. So, the slot is effectively made into a mailbox. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) apartment building - This doesn't make sense because the town house is not an apartment building. (B) front door - This doesn't make sense because the front door is usually located on the ground floor, not on the curb. (C) back door - This doesn't make sense because the back door is usually located at the back of the house, not on the curb. (D) street corner - This doesn't make sense because the town house is not located on a street corner. (E) porch - This doesn't make sense because the porch is usually located at the front or back of the house, not on the curb. So, the correct answer is (B) front door. The slot effectively made a mailbox out of the front door of the town house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The weasel was becoming a problem, it kept getting into the chicken eggs kept in the what? Answer Choices: (A) forrest (B) barn (C) public office (D) out of doors (E) freezer\nA: Let's think step by step. The weasel was becoming a problem. Why? Because it kept getting into the chicken eggs. Where were the chicken eggs kept? In the barn. So, the correct answer is (B) barn. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The man tried to reply to the woman, but he had difficulty keeping track of conversations that he didn't do what to? Answer Choices: (A) initiate (B) ignore (C) question (D) answer (E) ask\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Billy hated using other people's toilets. He was only comfortable on his own.  So whenever he needed to poop, he would go back to his what? Answer Choices: (A) bathroom (B) motel room (C) nearest public restroom (D) house (E) apartment\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that Billy hated using other people's toilets and was only comfortable on his own. This suggests that he has a specific place where he feels comfortable using the bathroom. Next, we know that whenever he needed to poop, he would go back to this place. This means that he would leave his current location and go to a different location. Out of the options given, the most likely answer is (D) house, as this is where he likely has his own bathroom that he feels comfortable using. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He wanted to live somewhere were every yard was uniform in size and landscaping, where should he look for a house? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) three feet (C) subdivision (D) parking garage (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wants to live somewhere where every yard is uniform in size and landscaping. This means that all the yards should be the same size and have the same type of landscaping. This is most likely to be found in a subdivision, where all the houses are built by the same developer and have similar features. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) subdivision. The answer is C.\n\nQ: To get out of there the person had to keep on walking, they had to keep on what? Answer Choices: (A) moving forward (B) locomotion (C) blisters (D) rollerskate (E) exercise\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person had to keep on walking. Then, what did they have to do? They had to keep on moving forward. So, the correct answer is (A) moving forward. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The old man needed to have rest multiple times a day, he would do what on the couch and catnap? Answer Choices: (A) lay in bed (B) lay in bed (C) go to bed (D) relax (E) lie down\nA: Let's think step by step. The old man needed to have rest multiple times a day. So, he would do what? He would do something on the couch. What would he do on the couch? He would catnap. So, the old man would catnap on the couch. Now, let's look at the answer choices. Which one matches our answer? The correct answer is (E) lie down. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Billy was an astronaut.  When he looked at the world from space, how did it look? Answer Choices: (A) diverse (B) round (C) square (D) orange (E) complicated\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Billy was an astronaut, so he was in space. From space, he could see the Earth. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) diverse means having a variety of different things. (B) round means having a circular shape. (C) square means having four equal sides and four right angles. (D) orange is a color. (E) complicated means difficult to understand or deal with. Based on these definitions, we can eliminate options (C) and (D) because they do not describe the Earth's appearance. Option (A) could be a possibility, as the Earth is home to a diverse range of people, cultures, and landscapes. However, option (B) is a more accurate description of how the Earth looks from space. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) round. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work, but once he got to his destination he balled it up and put it somewhere. Where did it put it? Answer Choices: (A) trash (B) floor (C) subway (D) ground (E) lawn\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work. This means that he was holding the newspaper in his hands while he was on his way to work. 2. Once he got to his destination, he balled it up. This means that he crumpled the newspaper into a ball. 3. Finally, he put it somewhere. This means that he placed the balled up newspaper in a specific location. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The teacher played on the upright piano, she was explaining the song to all the students in the what? Answer Choices: (A) music room (B) bathroom (C) house (D) living room (E) music store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the teacher is playing on an upright piano. This suggests that she is in a room with a piano, so we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Next, she is explaining the song to all the students. This suggests that she is in a room with students, so we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with option A, the music room, as the most likely answer. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Joe is a  squirrel, which is an animal. He probably lives in what sort of place. Answer Choices: (A) pet store (B) outside (C) woodland (D) ocean (E) cafe\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joe is a squirrel, which is an animal. So, we can eliminate options (A) pet store and (E) cafe, as these are not natural habitats for animals. Next, we know that squirrels are typically found in trees and are known for gathering and storing nuts. This leads us to the most likely answer, (C) woodland, as this is a type of forest or wooded area where trees and nuts can be found. Option (B) outside is a bit too general and could refer to any outdoor location, so it is not as specific as (C) woodland. Option (D) ocean is also not a suitable answer, as squirrels are land animals and do not live in water. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) woodland. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Billy hated using other people's toilets. He was only comfortable on his own.  So whenever he needed to poop, he would go back to his what? Answer Choices: (A) bathroom (B) motel room (C) nearest public restroom (D) house (E) apartment\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What does playing soccer and winning lead to? Answer Choices: (A) excitement (B) getting tired (C) overtime (D) anger (E) fights\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Playing soccer leads to excitement, but not necessarily winning. Winning can lead to excitement, but not necessarily. Winning can also lead to getting tired, but not necessarily. Winning can lead to overtime, but not necessarily. Winning can lead to anger, but not necessarily. Winning can lead to fights, but not necessarily. So, the best answer is (A) excitement. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What does playing soccer and winning lead to? Answer Choices: (A) excitement (B) getting tired (C) overtime (D) anger (E) fights\nA: Let's think step by step. Playing soccer leads to excitement, but not necessarily winning. Winning can lead to excitement, but not necessarily. Winning can also lead to getting tired, but not necessarily. Winning can lead to overtime, but not necessarily. Winning can lead to anger, but not necessarily. Winning can lead to fights, but not necessarily. So, the best answer is (A) excitement. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When you do something and have fun, its something you? Answer Choices: (A) spontaneous (B) stop working (C) pay for (D) do like (E) do enjoy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you do something. Then, you have fun. So, when you do something and have fun, it's something you enjoy. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) do enjoy. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He was beginning to regret taking the fight when he saw how what his opponent was? Answer Choices: (A) fun (B) joy (C) satisfaction (D) confident (E) pride\nA: Let's think step by step. He was beginning to regret taking the fight. Why? Because he saw something about his opponent. What did he see? He saw how his opponent was...confident. So the correct answer is (D) confident. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where do play a game for money? Answer Choices: (A) casino (B) football ground (C) ballpark (D) family room (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where people can play games for money. A toy store (E) is not a good option because it is a place where people buy toys, not play games for money. A family room (D) is also not a good option because it is usually a private space in someone's home, not a public place for playing games. A football ground (B) and a ballpark (C) are both places where people can play sports, but not necessarily for money. That leaves us with option (A) casino, which is a place specifically designed for gambling and playing games for money. So the correct answer is (A) casino. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The audience cheered when a goal was scored, what were they spectating? Answer Choices: (A) school (B) sporting event (C) concert hall (D) show (E) television\nA: Let's think step by step. The audience cheered when a goal was scored. This suggests that the event was a game or competition of some sort. The audience is also present in person, rather than watching from a distance, so we can eliminate option E (television). Option A (school) and option C (concert hall) do not typically host sporting events, so we can eliminate those as well. This leaves us with options B (sporting event) and D (show). While both of these options could potentially involve scoring goals, the word \"cheered\" suggests a more enthusiastic and energetic response, which is more commonly associated with a sporting event. Therefore, the most likely answer is option B (sporting event). The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do animals do when an enemy is approaching? Answer Choices: (A) feel pleasure (B) procreate (C) pass water (D) listen to each other (E) sing\nA: Let's think step by step. When an enemy is approaching, animals are likely to feel fear or anxiety. This eliminates option (A) feel pleasure. Option (B) procreate is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to focus on survival rather than reproduction in this situation. Option (C) pass water is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to hold their bladder and focus on the approaching threat. Option (E) sing is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to use their energy to flee or defend themselves rather than sing. This leaves us with option (D) listen to each other. Animals may communicate with each other through vocalizations or body language to warn each other of the approaching enemy. This is a common survival tactic in the animal kingdom. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to each other. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?. Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) soccer game (C) keg (D) can (E) refrigerator\nA: Let's think step by step. Batman bought beer. So, he went to a store or a bar to buy beer. Then, we are told that there were no bottles available. This means that the store or bar did not have any bottles of beer for Batman to buy. So, he had to settle for something else. Out of the answer choices, the only one that makes sense is (D) can. This is because a can is another type of container for beer, similar to a bottle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. (A) shelf is a place where items are stored, not a type of container for beer. (B) soccer game is an event, not a type of container for beer. (C) keg is a large barrel used to store and dispense beer, not a type of container for beer. (E) refrigerator is a household appliance used to keep food and drinks cold, not a type of container for beer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) can. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does playing soccer and winning lead to? Answer Choices: (A) excitement (B) getting tired (C) overtime (D) anger (E) fights\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The man acted ridiculous at the funeral, what attitude should he have taken? Answer Choices: (A) straightforward (B) serious (C) solemn (D) somber (E) funny\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man acted ridiculous at the funeral. This means that he behaved in a silly or inappropriate manner. Next, we know that funerals are serious and somber occasions, so the man should have taken a more serious and respectful attitude. This eliminates options (A) straightforward and (E) funny. This leaves us with options (B) serious and (D) somber. Both of these options could be correct, but option (D) somber is a stronger answer because it specifically relates to the tone and atmosphere of a funeral. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man laid on the soft moss and looked up at the trees, where was the man? Answer Choices: (A) niagra falls (B) forest (C) waterfall (D) ground (E) tree\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is laying on soft moss, so he is not on a hard surface like the ground or a waterfall. He is also looking up at trees, so he must be in a place with tall trees. This eliminates options A and C. The man is also able to lay down comfortably, so he is not on a tree. This leaves us with option B, forest, as the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What is the hopeful result of going to see a play? Answer Choices: (A) sit (B) being entertained (C) jobless (D) meet (E) laugh\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to see a play, you are going to a theater. So, you are going to sit in a theater. But, that's not the hopeful result. The hopeful result is what you expect to happen when you go to see a play. So, what do you expect to happen when you go to see a play? You expect to be entertained, right? So, the hopeful result of going to see a play is being entertained. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) being entertained. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What does an actor do when they are bored of their roles? Answer Choices: (A) mask (B) branch out (C) wear costume (D) pretend (E) sing songs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, an actor is bored of their roles. What can they do to change things up? They could try something new, right? So, which answer choice means trying something new? That's right, \"branch out\" means to try new things. So, the correct answer is (B) branch out. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What was the man encouraged to do after he expressed his anger violently? Answer Choices: (A) cool off (B) punch (C) illustrate point (D) fight (E) release energy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man expressed his anger violently. This means that he showed his anger in a strong and aggressive way. Next, what do you think he should do after that? Should he continue to be angry and violent? No, that would not be a good idea. Instead, he should do something to calm down and relax. This is what we call \"cooling off.\" So, the correct answer is (A) cool off. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person needs medical attention. So, he should go to a place where he can receive medical care. That rules out options A, D, and E. Next, he needs immediate help, so he should go to a place where he can get help quickly. That rules out option B. That leaves us with option C, hospital, as the best answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: John loved his snake.  It was the only ting he loved. He hated everyone else and was abrasive to most people, but he loved his snake.   How might you describe the snake? Answer Choices: (A) sun itself (B) tropical forest (C) pet (D) rude (E) sharp\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that John loves his snake, so we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not relate to the snake being a pet. Next, we know that John is abrasive to most people, so we can eliminate option (D) because it does not fit with the idea of John loving the snake. This leaves us with option (C) - pet - as the best answer. Option (E) - sharp - could also be a possible answer, but it is not as strong as option (C) because it does not directly relate to the snake being a pet. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The man acted ridiculous at the funeral, what attitude should he have taken? Answer Choices: (A) straightforward (B) serious (C) solemn (D) somber (E) funny\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man laid on the soft moss and looked up at the trees, where was the man? Answer Choices: (A) niagra falls (B) forest (C) waterfall (D) ground (E) tree\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is laying on soft moss, so he is not on a hard surface like the ground or a waterfall. He is also looking up at trees, so he must be in a place with tall trees. This eliminates options A and C. The man is also able to lay down comfortably, so he is not on a tree. This leaves us with option B, forest, as the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man started to learn jogging, what was he hoping to do? Answer Choices: (A) exhaustion (B) getting in shape (C) fitness (D) injure himself (E) fatigue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man started to learn jogging. This means he is trying to learn how to jog. Why would someone want to learn how to jog? Jogging is a form of exercise, so perhaps he wants to exercise. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) exhaustion and (E) fatigue both mean being very tired, so these are not the correct answers. (D) injure himself is the opposite of what someone would want to do when learning a new activity, so this is not the correct answer either. This leaves us with (B) getting in shape and (C) fitness. Both of these answers are related to improving one's physical health and well-being, which is a common reason for starting to jog. However, (B) getting in shape is a more specific and direct answer, so it is the best choice. Therefore, the man was hoping to get in shape by learning how to jog. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer Choices: (A) carved (B) melted (C) ice cream (D) antarctica (E) sculptured\nA: Let's think step by step. First, ice is a solid form of water. When it is exposed to sunlight, it absorbs the heat and starts to warm up. As it warms up, it begins to melt and turn into liquid water. So, the correct answer is (B) melted. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: As he looked out the window, he knew the landing was happening soon, and it made him nervous, but where would he be soon? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) disembark (C) stairwell (D) deplane (E) airport\nA: Let's think step by step. The person is on a plane, and they are looking out the window. They know that the landing is happening soon, which means that the plane is going to touch down on the ground. So, where would the person be soon? They would be on the ground, at the airport. The correct answer is (E) airport. The answer is E.\n\nQ: A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf, what is he likely to have? Answer Choices: (A) club (B) assembly hall (C) meditation center (D) meeting (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf. So, he is going to play golf. What do you need to play golf? You need a club. So, the answer is (A) club. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Joe is a  squirrel, which is an animal. He probably lives in what sort of place. Answer Choices: (A) pet store (B) outside (C) woodland (D) ocean (E) cafe\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joe is a squirrel, which is an animal. So, we can eliminate options (A) pet store and (E) cafe, as these are not natural habitats for animals. Next, we know that squirrels are typically found in trees and are known for gathering and storing nuts. This leads us to the most likely answer, (C) woodland, as this is a type of forest or wooded area where trees and nuts can be found. Option (B) outside is a bit too general and could refer to any outdoor location, so it is not as specific as (C) woodland. Option (D) ocean is also not a suitable answer, as squirrels are land animals and do not live in water. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) woodland. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Joan wants to cook a potato, where should she place it? Answer Choices: (A) boiling water (B) paper bag (C) restaurants (D) underground (E) cupboard\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joan wants to cook a potato. This means she wants to make it soft and edible. So, where would she place the potato to cook it? Would she place it in a boiling water? Yes, this is a common way to cook potatoes. Would she place it in a paper bag? No, a paper bag is not a cooking method. Would she place it in a restaurant? No, a restaurant is a place where food is served, not cooked. Would she place it underground? No, this is not a cooking method. Would she place it in a cupboard? No, a cupboard is not a cooking method. So, the best answer is (A) boiling water. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where can books be read? Answer Choices: (A) cabinet (B) backpack (C) table (D) shelf (E) sink\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what books are. Books are objects that contain written or printed pages bound together. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A cabinet is a piece of furniture with shelves or drawers used for storing or displaying items. A backpack is a bag with shoulder straps that is used to carry things on one's back. A table is a piece of furniture with a flat top and one or more legs, used as a surface for working at, eating from, or on which to place things. A shelf is a flat, horizontal board or surface used for storing or displaying items. A sink is a fixed basin with a water supply and drain, used for washing hands, dishes, and other objects. Out of these options, the only place where books can be read is at a table. A table provides a flat surface for the book to rest on and allows the reader to sit comfortably while reading. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) table. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time? Answer Choices: (A) shelter (B) floor (C) warm place (D) farmhouse (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the kitten's mother is a mouser, meaning she is good at catching mice. Next, we know that the kitten is going to grow up to be a mouser like its mother. So, where would the kitten need to spend most of its time in order to learn how to be a good mouser? The best answer would be (D) farmhouse, as this is where the mother would most likely be catching mice and the kitten could observe and learn from her. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The lady would eat and eat, and because of mental issues would then make herself what? Answer Choices: (A) wash dishes (B) throwing up (C) drinking (D) throw up (E) turn inside out\nA: Let's think step by step. The lady would eat and eat, and because of mental issues would then make herself... what? The lady would eat and eat, so she would be full. But because of her mental issues, she would then make herself... what? She would make herself do something that would help her feel better. So, what could she do to feel better after eating too much? She could make herself throw up. This is a common behavior in people with eating disorders. So, the correct answer is (D) throw up. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The chef wanted to perfect his craft, what did he do? Answer Choices: (A) thin potatos (B) prepare food (C) study french cooking (D) drink (E) cook dinner\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the chef wanted to perfect his craft. This means he wanted to become better at cooking. So, what did he do to achieve this goal? Did he thin potatoes? No, thinning potatoes is a specific task, not a way to improve overall cooking skills. Did he prepare food? Yes, this is a general task that all chefs do, but it's not specific to improving one's craft. Did he study French cooking? This is a specific type of cuisine, so it's possible that studying it could help him improve his craft. Did he drink? No, drinking is not a productive way to improve one's cooking skills. Did he cook dinner? This is a general task that all chefs do, but it's not specific to improving one's craft. So, the best answer is C) study French cooking. By studying a specific type of cuisine, the chef can learn new techniques and flavors that can help him improve his overall cooking skills. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where does a maid empty a trash can? Answer Choices: (A) bus stop (B) corner (C) hockey game (D) motel (E) alley\nA: Let's think step by step. A maid is someone who cleans and maintains a house or hotel. So, where would a maid be working? A motel! And where would a trash can be located in a motel? In the room or in the hallway. So, where would a maid empty a trash can? In the motel! The correct answer is (D) motel. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What type of non-vegetarian soup is one likely to find a potato? Answer Choices: (A) beef stew (B) own kitchen (C) clam chowder (D) kitchen cabinet (E) pantry\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the soup is non-vegetarian, meaning it contains meat. This eliminates options B, D, and E. Next, we know that the soup contains potatoes. This eliminates option A, as beef stew typically does not contain potatoes. This leaves us with option C, clam chowder, as the most likely answer. Clam chowder is a non-vegetarian soup that often contains potatoes. The answer is C.\n\nQ: At a grocery store they sell individual potatoes, where does the grocery clerk likely put the potato? Answer Choices: (A) boiling water (B) root cellar (C) rocket ship (D) paper bag (E) underground\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the grocery clerk would not put the potato in boiling water because that would cook it. Second, a root cellar is a storage area for root vegetables, so that could be a possibility. Third, a rocket ship is not a logical place to put a potato. Fourth, a paper bag is a common way to package and transport individual potatoes. Fifth, underground could also be a possibility, as potatoes are grown underground. However, the most likely answer is (D) paper bag, as that is a common way to package and sell individual potatoes in a grocery store. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Joan wants to cook a potato, where should she place it? Answer Choices: (A) boiling water (B) paper bag (C) restaurants (D) underground (E) cupboard\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: There was a toll road that meandered from Maine to New Hampshire, where was it? Answer Choices: (A) massachusetts (B) new england (C) my house (D) new jersey (E) connecticut\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the toll road meandered from Maine to New Hampshire. This means that it started in Maine and ended in New Hampshire. Next, we can eliminate answer choices (C) my house and (E) Connecticut, as they are not states that are located between Maine and New Hampshire. We can also eliminate answer choice (B) New England, as it is a region that includes multiple states and does not specifically refer to a location. This leaves us with answer choices (A) Massachusetts and (D) New Jersey. Since the toll road is located in the northeastern United States, it is more likely that it would pass through Massachusetts rather than New Jersey. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) Massachusetts. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: John wanted scatter his wife's remains in a lake in the wilderness.  He had to delay before of where he lived.  Where did he live? Answer Choices: (A) mountains (B) dead body (C) pay debts (D) state park (E) new york\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. John wanted to scatter his wife's remains in a lake in the wilderness. 2. He had to delay before of where he lived. 3. Where did he live? Based on the information given, we can infer that John lived in a place that was not close to the lake in the wilderness where he wanted to scatter his wife's remains. This means that he did not live in the mountains or a state park, as those would be closer to the wilderness. He also did not live in a dead body (as that is not a place) or in a place called \"pay debts.\" Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) New York, as it is a place that is not close to the wilderness and could potentially have a lake where John could scatter his wife's remains. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The goal was to hit the target, but a projectile ball can't hit anything if it isn't in what? Answer Choices: (A) motion (B) ocean (C) flintlock (D) arcade (E) tennis court\nA: Let's think step by step. The goal is to hit the target. What do we need to do in order to hit the target? We need to throw or shoot something at the target. So, the ball needs to be in motion in order to hit the target. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) motion. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is the process of going somewhere? Answer Choices: (A) fire (B) energy (C) car (D) transporting (E) staying in place\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to decide where you want to go. Then, you need to plan your route and mode of transportation. This could involve using a car, taking public transportation, or walking. Next, you need to gather any necessary items, such as a map or tickets. Once you have everything you need, you physically move from your starting point to your destination. This could involve driving, riding a bus or train, or walking. Finally, you arrive at your destination and complete any necessary tasks or activities. The process of going somewhere involves a combination of decision-making, planning, physical movement, and arrival at a destination. So, the best answer would be (D) transporting. The answer is D.\n\nQ: James tore the antenna off of his boat due to bad reception as he was crossing the channel from France.  Where was he going? Answer Choices: (A) river (B) television (C) india (D) england (E) europe\nA: Let's think step by step. James was crossing the channel from France. This means he was leaving France and going somewhere else. The answer choices are: river, television, India, England, and Europe. We can eliminate river and television because they are not places that someone can physically travel to. We can also eliminate India because it is not a country that is close to France. This leaves us with England and Europe. Since James was crossing the channel, it is most likely that he was going to England, which is separated from France by the English Channel. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) England. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A thoroughfare meandered through fields and woods, where was it passing though? Answer Choices: (A) move about (B) city (C) country (D) town (E) new york city\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a thoroughfare is a road or street that is open at both ends and allows for the passage of vehicles. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) move about and (E) New York City, as they do not fit the definition of a thoroughfare. Next, we know that the thoroughfare is passing through fields and woods, which are typically found in rural or natural areas. This eliminates answer choices (B) city and (D) town, as they are more developed and do not typically have fields and woods. This leaves us with answer choice (C) country, which is the correct answer. The thoroughfare is passing through the countryside, or rural areas with fields and woods. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The electricity went out and everyone was shrouded in darkness.  They all remained in their seats, because it would have been dangerous to try to find there way out.  Where mihgt they have been? Answer Choices: (A) opera (B) concert (C) basement (D) bedroom (E) grand canyon\nA: Let's think step by step. The electricity went out, so it's likely that they were in a building or structure that relies on electricity for lighting. They all remained in their seats, so it's likely that they were in a place where people sit for an extended period of time. It would have been dangerous to try to find their way out, so it's likely that they were in a large, unfamiliar space. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (A) opera or (B) concert. Both of these events take place in large, darkened theaters or auditoriums where people sit for an extended period of time. The other options, (C) basement, (D) bedroom, and (E) Grand Canyon, do not fit the clues given. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The cat kept pestering it's owner, it was that time of the day and it was what? Answer Choices: (A) litter tray (B) whiskers (C) hungry (D) feline (E) thirsty\nA: Let's think step by step. The cat is pestering its owner. Why might a cat pester its owner? Maybe it wants something. What might a cat want? It could want to go outside, it could want attention, or it could want food. The sentence says it's \"that time of the day.\" What time of day might it be? Maybe it's mealtime! So, the cat is probably pestering its owner because it's hungry. The correct answer is (C) hungry. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where are you likely to find a supermarket? Answer Choices: (A) buy food for family (B) city or town (C) get supplies (D) strip mall (E) vermont\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where we can buy food for our family. This could be a grocery store or a supermarket. Next, we need to think about where these types of stores are typically located. They are usually found in cities or towns, where there is a larger population and more demand for food. They may also be found in strip malls, which are shopping centers with multiple stores and businesses. Finally, we can eliminate Vermont as an option because it is a state, not a specific location. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) city or town. The answer is B.\n\nQ: There was a toll road that meandered from Maine to New Hampshire, where was it? Answer Choices: (A) massachusetts (B) new england (C) my house (D) new jersey (E) connecticut\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: A bald eagle is likely to be found on what kind of work? Answer Choices: (A) rural area (B) book (C) canada (D) painting (E) aviary\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. A bald eagle is a bird that is typically found in nature, not in books or paintings. It is also not specific to Canada, so option (C) can be eliminated. This leaves us with options (A) rural area and (E) aviary. A rural area is a place where there is a lot of open space and natural habitats, making it a likely place to find a bald eagle. An aviary is a large enclosure where birds are kept, so it is also a possible place to find a bald eagle. However, since the question asks where a bald eagle is likely to be found, the best answer is (A) rural area. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you find magazines along side many other printed works? Answer Choices: (A) doctor (B) bookstore (C) market (D) train station (E) mortuary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that has many printed works. A doctor's office may have some magazines, but it is not a place where you would find many printed works. A market may have some magazines, but it is not a place where you would find many printed works either. A mortuary is not a place where you would find printed works at all. That leaves us with two options: a bookstore and a train station. Both of these places have a variety of printed works, including magazines. However, a bookstore is specifically dedicated to selling printed works, so it is the best answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) bookstore. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you find a fox that is made up? Answer Choices: (A) storybook (B) woods (C) hen house (D) natural habitat (E) back yard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the fox is made up, which means it is not a real animal. This eliminates options (B), (D), and (E) because those places are where real foxes would be found. Next, we know that the fox is made up, so it must exist in a fictional world. This leaves us with options (A) and (C). A fox that is made up would most likely be found in a storybook, so the correct answer is (A) storybook. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is a person who is good at sports considered? Answer Choices: (A) lazy (B) own house (C) talented (D) affluent (E) reproduce\nA: Let's think step by step. A person who is good at sports is someone who is skilled and successful in athletic activities. This person is likely to be physically fit, dedicated, and hardworking. They may also possess qualities such as determination, discipline, and perseverance. Based on these characteristics, we can eliminate options A, B, and D. Option E is not relevant to the context. Therefore, the correct answer is C) talented. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do people aim to do at work? Answer Choices: (A) complete job (B) learn from each other (C) kill animals (D) wear hats (E) talk to each other\nA: Let's think step by step. What is the main purpose of work? It is to complete a job or task. So, the answer is (A) complete job. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you need to use a lantern? Answer Choices: (A) grocery store (B) antique shop (C) house (D) dark place (E) street\nA: Let's think step by step. A lantern is a portable light source that typically uses a fuel source, such as oil or gas, to produce light. It is often used in situations where there is no electricity or in areas with limited lighting. Based on this information, we can eliminate options A, B, and C as they are all places that typically have electricity and lighting. This leaves us with options D and E. A dark place, such as a cave or a basement, would require a lantern to provide light. However, a street may also require a lantern if there are no streetlights or if there is a power outage. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) dark place or (E) street. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf, what is he likely to have? Answer Choices: (A) club (B) assembly hall (C) meditation center (D) meeting (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf. So, he is going to play golf. What do you need to play golf? You need a club. So, the answer is (A) club. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A patriotic guy with a camera is looking for a bald eagle, what is he likely to do with the eagle if he finds one? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) canada (C) minnesota (D) thermal (E) photograph\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the guy is looking for a bald eagle. Bald eagles are typically found in nature, not in cities or thermal areas. They are also not specific to Canada or Minnesota, so those options can be eliminated. This leaves us with option (E) photograph. Since the guy is patriotic, it is likely that he wants to capture a photo of the bald eagle to show his love for his country. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) photograph. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Though a mouse might prefer your house, you might also see him where? Answer Choices: (A) tin (B) department store (C) garden (D) small hole (E) cupboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the sentence says \"Though a mouse might prefer your house\". This means that the mouse would rather be in your house than somewhere else. Next, the sentence says \"you might also see him where?\" This means that the mouse could be seen in other places besides your house. So, the correct answer would be (C) garden, (D) small hole, or (E) cupboard. These are all places where a mouse could potentially be seen. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A bald eagle is likely to be found on what kind of work? Answer Choices: (A) rural area (B) book (C) canada (D) painting (E) aviary\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where would you use a folding chair but not store one? Answer Choices: (A) beach (B) city hall (C) closet (D) garage (E) school\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a folding chair is. A folding chair is a portable chair that can be easily folded and stored away when not in use. This eliminates options (C) closet and (D) garage, as they are places where you would store a folding chair. Next, we can eliminate option (E) school, as folding chairs are often used and stored in schools. This leaves us with options (A) beach and (B) city hall. Both of these places may have folding chairs for temporary use, but they are not typically stored there. However, the most likely answer is (A) beach, as people often bring their own folding chairs to the beach for convenience. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) beach. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: What furniture will you normally find near a side chair? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) table (C) wheel barrow (D) building (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. A side chair is typically used for sitting, so it would make sense to have a table nearby for placing items or eating. A bedroom or office may also have a side chair for sitting at a desk or vanity. A wheelbarrow and building are not typically associated with side chairs. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) table. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If I did not have a rosebush, where would I get one? Answer Choices: (A) pot (B) museum (C) garden center (D) formal garden (E) backyard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells plants. A pot is not a place, it is a container. A museum is not likely to sell plants. A formal garden may have rosebushes, but it is not a place where you can buy one. A backyard is also not a place where you can buy a rosebush. That leaves us with the garden center. This is a place specifically designed for buying plants, including rosebushes. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) garden center. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do parents tell a child to do on the weekend? Answer Choices: (A) study (B) begin school (C) go out to play (D) row boat (E) clean room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a weekend is. A weekend is a period of time that includes Saturday and Sunday, usually considered as a time for leisure and recreation. So, what do parents usually want their child to do during this time? They want them to relax and have fun! Therefore, the correct answer is (C) go out to play. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is a place that has a bench nestled in trees? Answer Choices: (A) state park (B) bus stop (C) bus depot (D) statue (E) train station\nA: Let's think step by step. A bench is usually a place for people to sit and rest. It is often found in parks, bus stops, and train stations. However, the word \"nestled\" suggests that the bench is hidden or surrounded by trees. This makes me think of a peaceful and secluded spot, which is more likely to be found in a state park rather than a busy bus depot or train station. Therefore, the best answer would be (A) state park. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would someone purchase an upright piano? Answer Choices: (A) music class (B) college (C) music store (D) music room (E) music band\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine where pianos are typically sold. Then, we can narrow down the options based on that information. Pianos are typically sold in music stores, so the correct answer is (C) music store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What would you be building if you designed a place for an annoying critter to stay? Answer Choices: (A) spread disease (B) swamp (C) fly away (D) cat condo (E) bug campers\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is for an annoying critter to stay. This means that the place should be designed to keep the critter contained and prevent it from bothering others. Next, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not fit this purpose. Option (C) does not make sense in this context. Option (D) could work, but it seems more like a place for a pet cat to stay rather than an annoying critter. This leaves us with option (E), bug campers. This could be a suitable option because it implies a small, contained space for the critter to stay in, while also acknowledging that it is a temporary residence. Therefore, the answer is (E) bug campers. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you store a pillow case that is not in use? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen cupboard (B) bedding store (C) england (D) drawer (E) bedroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a pillow case is a type of bedding. So, it would make sense to store it in a place where other bedding items are kept. This eliminates options A and C. Next, we know that the pillow case is not in use, so it would not be stored in a bedding store. This eliminates option B. Finally, the most logical place to store a pillow case that is not in use would be in a drawer in the bedroom. This is where most people keep their extra bedding items. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) drawer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you use a folding chair but not store one? Answer Choices: (A) beach (B) city hall (C) closet (D) garage (E) school\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What could suddenly stop someone when he or she is running? Answer Choices: (A) mushroom (B) falling down (C) sweating (D) exhaustion (E) getting tired\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person is running. Then, something suddenly stops them. What could cause someone to suddenly stop while running? It wouldn't make sense for a mushroom to suddenly stop someone. (B) falling down could be a possible answer, as it could cause someone to stop running. (C) sweating and (E) getting tired are not likely to suddenly stop someone while running. (D) exhaustion, however, could cause someone to suddenly stop while running. So, the correct answer is (D) exhaustion. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? Answer Choices: (A) write sentences on paper (B) ink in (C) ink cartridges (D) caps (E) cling film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to prevent - the pen from drying out. Then, we need to think about what could cause the pen to dry out - exposure to air. Finally, we need to think about what could cover or seal the pen to prevent air from getting in - a cap or cling film. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) caps. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What could an apple tree do? Answer Choices: (A) new hampshire (B) bloom (C) washington state (D) sunshine (E) spontaneously combust\nA: Let's think step by step. An apple tree is a type of tree that produces apples. So, it cannot be a place like New Hampshire or Washington State. It also cannot produce sunshine or spontaneously combust. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) bloom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: This is an unavoidable physiological consequence of running.  What is it? Answer Choices: (A) breathlessness (B) increased heart rate (C) falling down (D) muscle bulk (E) calluses\nA: Let's think step by step. When you run, your body needs more oxygen to fuel your muscles. This means that your heart has to work harder to pump more oxygen-rich blood to your muscles. This leads to an increased heart rate. So, the correct answer is (B) increased heart rate. The answer is B.\n\nQ: When you slip from a ladder propped on anything what will you do? Answer Choices: (A) obesity (B) fall down (C) matter to (D) whatever (E) surprise\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you are on a ladder. Then, you slip. What happens next? You will most likely fall down. So, the correct answer is (B) fall down. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The teens were trying to hide that they get drink, but when they walked in the door their what gave it away? Answer Choices: (A) health (B) fall down (C) stagger (D) get arrested (E) vomit\nA: Let's think step by step. The teens were trying to hide that they get drink. So, they were trying to hide that they were drinking alcohol. But, when they walked in the door, something gave it away. This means that something revealed or exposed the fact that they were drinking. So, what could have revealed this? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) health doesn't make sense because it doesn't reveal anything about drinking. (B) fall down could be a sign of being drunk, but it doesn't necessarily reveal that they were drinking. (C) stagger means to walk unsteadily, which could be a sign of being drunk. This could be a possible answer. (D) get arrested doesn't make sense because it's not something that would happen immediately upon walking in the door. (E) vomit is a clear sign of being drunk, so this could also be a possible answer. So, the answer could be either (C) stagger or (E) vomit. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What could you use to get to some airplanes? Answer Choices: (A) taxi (B) carry people (C) car (D) stall (E) crash\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to get to the airport. A taxi or a car could both be used to get to the airport. Once we are at the airport, we need to get to the airplanes. A taxi or a car could also be used to get to the airplanes, but they may not be able to drive directly onto the runway. Instead, we could use a stall, which is a small structure or booth, to get onto the runway and access the airplanes. We definitely do not want to crash into the airplanes, as that would be dangerous and destructive. So, the best answer would be (A) taxi or (C) car. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Why did the heavy metal band need electricity at the stadium? Answer Choices: (A) concert (B) bedroom (C) make person sick (D) building (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the heavy metal band is performing at a stadium. This means that they are most likely having a concert. So, the answer is (A) concert. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What happens to a dog before someone puts up posters of them? Answer Choices: (A) get lost (B) require water (C) trained (D) bark (E) roll over\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the dog would have to get lost in order for someone to put up posters of them. So the correct answer is (A) get lost. The answer is A.\n\nQ: They were getting ready for a really long hike, he put the food can in his what? Answer Choices: (A) cabinet (B) house (C) recycling center (D) backpack (E) make person sick\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they were getting ready for a really long hike. Then, he put the food can in his... what? It wouldn't make sense to put the food can in a cabinet or house, as they were preparing for a hike. It also wouldn't make sense to put it in a recycling center, as that is a place for recycling, not storing food. So, the most logical answer is (D) backpack, as they were getting ready for a hike and a backpack is a common item to bring on a hike to carry supplies. (E) make person sick is not a possible answer, as it is not a location or object. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What could suddenly stop someone when he or she is running? Answer Choices: (A) mushroom (B) falling down (C) sweating (D) exhaustion (E) getting tired\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Applying for a job can make someone feel what sort of emotion, even if they get it? Answer Choices: (A) working hard (B) frustration (C) rejection (D) defeat (E) stress\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. Applying for a job can make someone feel what sort of emotion? It can make someone feel (E) stress. Even if they get the job, they may still feel (E) stress because they will have to work hard (A) and may experience frustration (B) and defeat (D) along the way. However, they will not feel rejection (C) if they get the job. So the correct answer is (E) stress. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What emotion leads to punching? Answer Choices: (A) fists (B) hitting (C) boxing gloves (D) anger (E) hands\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that punching is a physical action, so we can eliminate answer choices (A), (B), and (C) as they are objects and not emotions. This leaves us with answer choices (D) and (E). Punching is often associated with aggression and violence, which are both expressions of anger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) anger. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does someone typically feel when applying for a job? Answer Choices: (A) horror (B) anxiety and fear (C) rejection (D) increased workload (E) being employed\nA: Let's think step by step. When someone applies for a job, they are likely feeling hopeful and excited about the potential opportunity. They may also feel a bit nervous or anxious about the application process and their chances of getting the job. They may also feel a sense of pressure to impress the employer and stand out among other applicants. Overall, the most common feelings when applying for a job are likely a mix of excitement, nervousness, and pressure. So, the best answer choice would be (B) anxiety and fear. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Applying for a job can make someone feel what sort of emotion, even if they get it? Answer Choices: (A) working hard (B) frustration (C) rejection (D) defeat (E) stress\nA: Let's think step by step. Applying for a job can make someone feel what sort of emotion? It can make someone feel (E) stress. Even if they get the job, they may still feel (E) stress because they will have to work hard (A) and may experience frustration (B) and defeat (D) along the way. However, they will not feel rejection (C) if they get the job. So the correct answer is (E) stress. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The person was in physical distress, where should he go? Answer Choices: (A) synagogue (B) for help (C) hospital (D) bus stop (E) building\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person needs medical attention. So, he should go to a place where he can receive medical care. That rules out options A, D, and E. Next, he needs immediate help, so he should go to a place where he can get help quickly. That rules out option B. That leaves us with option C, hospital, as the best answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what? Answer Choices: (A) group people (B) ready parlor for guests (C) welcome guests (D) work room (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. The hostess was good at her job. What was her job? Her job was to welcome guests. So, the answer is (C) welcome guests. The answer is C.\n\nQ: John loved his snake.  It was the only ting he loved. He hated everyone else and was abrasive to most people, but he loved his snake.   How might you describe the snake? Answer Choices: (A) sun itself (B) tropical forest (C) pet (D) rude (E) sharp\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that John loves his snake, so we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not relate to the snake being a pet. Next, we know that John is abrasive to most people, so we can eliminate option (D) because it does not fit with the idea of John loving the snake. This leaves us with option (C) - pet - as the best answer. Option (E) - sharp - could also be a possible answer, but it is not as strong as option (C) because it does not directly relate to the snake being a pet. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If someone mean wanted to insult somebody by calling them a fruit, where is probably not the smartest place to do it? Answer Choices: (A) gay bar (B) market (C) grocery store (D) refrigerator (E) container\nA: Let's think step by step. If someone wanted to insult somebody by calling them a fruit, it is likely that they are using the term \"fruit\" as a derogatory term for a homosexual person. Therefore, the answer is (A) gay bar. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Applying for a job can make someone feel what sort of emotion, even if they get it? Answer Choices: (A) working hard (B) frustration (C) rejection (D) defeat (E) stress\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If you have leftover cake, where would you put it? Answer Choices: (A) quandry (B) refrigerator (C) oven (D) night stand (E) bakery\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to consider where leftover cake should be stored. It is a food item, so it should be stored in a place where food is typically kept. This eliminates options A, D, and E. Next, we need to think about where in the kitchen food is typically stored. The oven is used for cooking, not storing food, so option C can be eliminated. This leaves us with option B, refrigerator, as the most logical answer. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The person wasn't bothered by the weather, she had remembered to bring her what? Answer Choices: (A) read book (B) own house (C) apartment (D) more rice (E) warm coat\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wasn't bothered by the weather. This means that the weather was not affecting her negatively. So, what could she have brought that would help her not be bothered by the weather? The answer is (E) warm coat. A warm coat would protect her from the cold and keep her comfortable in the weather. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where are you if you've paid to get a pizza? Answer Choices: (A) popular (B) baked in oven (C) restaurant (D) oven (E) plate\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you paid for a pizza. This means you exchanged money for a pizza, so you are in a place where you can buy a pizza. This eliminates options (B), (D), and (E). Next, you are getting a pizza, so you are not just in a place where you can buy a pizza, but also where you can eat it. This eliminates option (A). This leaves us with option (C), restaurant, as the correct answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you put uncooked crab meat? Answer Choices: (A) wharf (B) red lobster (C) tidepools (D) boss's office (E) stew pot\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that uncooked crab meat is not a living crab, so it wouldn't be found in a natural environment like tidepools. It also wouldn't be found in a restaurant like Red Lobster or in a workplace like the boss's office. That leaves us with two options: the wharf or a stew pot. The wharf is a place where seafood is often caught and sold, so it's possible that uncooked crab meat could be found there. However, the most likely place for uncooked crab meat would be in a stew pot, as that is where it would be cooked and prepared for consumption. So, the correct answer is (E) stew pot. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you have leftover cake, where would you put it? Answer Choices: (A) quandry (B) refrigerator (C) oven (D) night stand (E) bakery\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to consider where leftover cake should be stored. It is a food item, so it should be stored in a place where food is typically kept. This eliminates options A, D, and E. Next, we need to think about where in the kitchen food is typically stored. The oven is used for cooking, not storing food, so option C can be eliminated. This leaves us with option B, refrigerator, as the most logical answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you have leftover cake, where would you put it? Answer Choices: (A) quandry (B) refrigerator (C) oven (D) night stand (E) bakery\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Joe is a  squirrel, which is an animal. He probably lives in what sort of place. Answer Choices: (A) pet store (B) outside (C) woodland (D) ocean (E) cafe\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joe is a squirrel, which is an animal. So, we can eliminate options (A) pet store and (E) cafe, as these are not natural habitats for animals. Next, we know that squirrels are typically found in trees and are known for gathering and storing nuts. This leads us to the most likely answer, (C) woodland, as this is a type of forest or wooded area where trees and nuts can be found. Option (B) outside is a bit too general and could refer to any outdoor location, so it is not as specific as (C) woodland. Option (D) ocean is also not a suitable answer, as squirrels are land animals and do not live in water. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) woodland. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where outside of a city would a squirrel live? Answer Choices: (A) roof (B) inside home (C) forest (D) yard (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. A squirrel is a small animal that likes to climb trees and gather nuts. It needs a place that is safe and has access to food. Based on these clues, the best answer would be (C) forest. Squirrels are commonly found in forests, where they can easily climb trees and find food. The other options, such as (A) roof, (B) inside home, (D) yard, and (E) park, may not provide the same level of safety and access to food for a squirrel. The answer is C.\n\nQ: John and Joe like planning games but Joe  was hit by a ball and fell down. What might have happened to Joe. Answer Choices: (A) anger (B) good natured ribbing. (C) enjoying (D) injury (E) enjoyment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that John and Joe like planning games. This means that they enjoy playing games together. However, something happened to Joe. He was hit by a ball and fell down. This suggests that he may have been injured. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) injury. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What do you do when you're going to market? Answer Choices: (A) buy food (B) see other people (C) buying vegetables (D) buy a fat pig (E) traveling\nA: Let's think step by step. When you go to the market, what is the main purpose? It is to buy things, right? So, the correct answer would be (A) buy food. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? Answer Choices: (A) waves (B) seattle (C) suitcase (D) beach (E) jacket closet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that he was tanning, which means he was likely in a sunny place. This eliminates answer choices B (Seattle) and E (jacket closet). Next, we know that he used an umbrella, which is typically used for shade. This suggests that he was likely in a place with a lot of sun, so he needed the umbrella to protect himself from the sun's rays. This leaves us with answer choices A (waves), C (suitcase), and D (beach). Waves don't really make sense in this context, so we can eliminate answer choice A. A suitcase also doesn't make sense, as it is not a location. This leaves us with answer choice D (beach) as the most likely answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) beach. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Joe was there to meet a large number of people.  As he filed though the entrance hall, he saw many strangers who came from far away.  What sort of building is he probably in? Answer Choices: (A) person (B) box (C) convention center (D) public building (E) large building\nA: Let's think step by step. Joe is meeting a large number of people, so he is probably in a place where many people gather. He is filing through an entrance hall, so it is likely a building with an entrance hall. He sees many strangers who came from far away, so it is probably a place where people from different places come together. Based on these clues, the best answer is (C) convention center. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf, what is he likely to have? Answer Choices: (A) club (B) assembly hall (C) meditation center (D) meeting (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf. So, he is going to play golf. What do you need to play golf? You need a club. So, the answer is (A) club. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Joe is a  squirrel, which is an animal. He probably lives in what sort of place. Answer Choices: (A) pet store (B) outside (C) woodland (D) ocean (E) cafe\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joe is a squirrel, which is an animal. So, we can eliminate options (A) pet store and (E) cafe, as these are not natural habitats for animals. Next, we know that squirrels are typically found in trees and are known for gathering and storing nuts. This leads us to the most likely answer, (C) woodland, as this is a type of forest or wooded area where trees and nuts can be found. Option (B) outside is a bit too general and could refer to any outdoor location, so it is not as specific as (C) woodland. Option (D) ocean is also not a suitable answer, as squirrels are land animals and do not live in water. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) woodland. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Though a mouse might prefer your house, you might also see him where? Answer Choices: (A) tin (B) department store (C) garden (D) small hole (E) cupboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the sentence says \"Though a mouse might prefer your house\". This means that the mouse would rather be in your house than somewhere else. Next, the sentence says \"you might also see him where?\" This means that the mouse could be seen in other places besides your house. So, the correct answer would be (C) garden, (D) small hole, or (E) cupboard. These are all places where a mouse could potentially be seen. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Joe is a  squirrel, which is an animal. He probably lives in what sort of place. Answer Choices: (A) pet store (B) outside (C) woodland (D) ocean (E) cafe\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The ancient seafaring Norse tribesman brought pelts of weasel aboard his what? Answer Choices: (A) rabbit warren (B) used car lot (C) chicken coop (D) cruise (E) viking ship\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the Norse tribesman is seafaring, which means he is traveling by sea. Next, we know that he is bringing pelts of weasel aboard something. The only answer choice that makes sense in this context is (E) viking ship, as the Norse tribesman would likely be traveling on a viking ship. The other answer choices do not fit with the context of the sentence. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you find a fox that is made up? Answer Choices: (A) storybook (B) woods (C) hen house (D) natural habitat (E) back yard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the fox is made up, which means it is not a real animal. This eliminates options (B), (D), and (E) because those places are where real foxes would be found. Next, we know that the fox is made up, so it must exist in a fictional world. This leaves us with options (A) and (C). A fox that is made up would most likely be found in a storybook, so the correct answer is (A) storybook. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do young boys do on the ice in the winter? Answer Choices: (A) ski (B) play hockey (C) summer (D) knit (E) warm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what ice is. Ice is a solid form of water that is frozen at a temperature of 0 degrees Celsius or 32 degrees Fahrenheit. So, what do young boys do on the ice in the winter? They can't swim or go boating like they might do in the summer. They also can't knit or warm themselves up on the ice. That leaves us with two options: ski or play hockey. While skiing is a popular winter activity, it is more commonly associated with adults or families. Young boys are more likely to play hockey on the ice in the winter. So, the correct answer is (B) play hockey. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do people do for food? Answer Choices: (A) talk to each other (B) complete job (C) wear hats (D) kill animals (E) believe in god\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what food is. Food is something that people eat to provide nourishment and energy for their bodies. So, what do people do for food? They eat it! Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) talk to each other - While people may talk to each other while eating, talking is not the main action people do for food. (B) complete job - Completing a job may provide people with money to buy food, but it is not the main action people do for food. (C) wear hats - Wearing hats has nothing to do with food. (D) kill animals - This is a possible answer. People may hunt or raise animals for food. (E) believe in god - Believing in god may provide people with spiritual nourishment, but it is not directly related to food. So, the best answer is (D) kill animals. The answer is D.\n\nQ: He was afraid he would die from his cold, so he wisely decided to what? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) write will (C) never want (D) were shot (E) seek help\nA: Let's think step by step. He was afraid he would die from his cold. So, what should he do? He wisely decided to seek help. The answer is E.\n\nQ: It was a long trip from the farm, so he stayed in a hotel when he arrived at the what? Answer Choices: (A) bed away from home (B) wwii bunker (C) resort (D) las vegas (E) city\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he was on a farm. Then, he took a trip. Finally, he arrived at a place where he stayed. What kind of place would he stay at after a long trip? A hotel! So, the correct answer is (E) city. The answer is E.\n\nQ: A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf, what is he likely to have? Answer Choices: (A) club (B) assembly hall (C) meditation center (D) meeting (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf. So, he is going to play golf. What do you need to play golf? You need a club. So, the answer is (A) club. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The ancient seafaring Norse tribesman brought pelts of weasel aboard his what? Answer Choices: (A) rabbit warren (B) used car lot (C) chicken coop (D) cruise (E) viking ship\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the Norse tribesman is seafaring, which means he is traveling by sea. Next, we know that he is bringing pelts of weasel aboard something. The only answer choice that makes sense in this context is (E) viking ship, as the Norse tribesman would likely be traveling on a viking ship. The other answer choices do not fit with the context of the sentence. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures, what was he looking for? Answer Choices: (A) checkers (B) barrels (C) baking soda (D) buffalo (E) salt\nA: Let's think step by step. The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures. This means that the pioneer needed something to store items in. Now, let's look at the answer choices. Checkers, baking soda, and buffalo are all items that would not be used for storage. This leaves us with barrels and salt. Barrels are commonly used for storage, so this is the most likely answer. Salt can also be used for storage, but it is not typically referred to as a \"storage measure.\" Therefore, the correct answer is (B) barrels. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The ancient seafaring Norse tribesman brought pelts of weasel aboard his what? Answer Choices: (A) rabbit warren (B) used car lot (C) chicken coop (D) cruise (E) viking ship\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What emotion leads to punching? Answer Choices: (A) fists (B) hitting (C) boxing gloves (D) anger (E) hands\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that punching is a physical action, so we can eliminate answer choices (A), (B), and (C) as they are objects and not emotions. This leaves us with answer choices (D) and (E). Punching is often associated with aggression and violence, which are both expressions of anger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) anger. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: What do you use to carry your briefcase? Answer Choices: (A) office building (B) school (C) courtroom (D) airport (E) hand\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to have a briefcase. Then, you need to carry it somewhere. So, the answer is not the briefcase itself, but the method of carrying it. The correct answer is (E) hand. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The earth is one planet in what? Answer Choices: (A) tree (B) orbit (C) solar system (D) fotograph (E) dreams\nA: Let's think step by step. The earth is a planet, which means it is a large, round object that orbits around a star. So, the earth is one planet in a solar system. A solar system is a collection of planets, moons, and other objects that orbit around a central star. So, the correct answer is (C) solar system. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What emotion leads to punching? Answer Choices: (A) fists (B) hitting (C) boxing gloves (D) anger (E) hands\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that punching is a physical action, so we can eliminate answer choices (A), (B), and (C) as they are objects and not emotions. This leaves us with answer choices (D) and (E). Punching is often associated with aggression and violence, which are both expressions of anger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) anger. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If while driving to work another car makes a careless maneuver, what emotion might you feel? Answer Choices: (A) boredom (B) happiness (C) transportation cost (D) getting there (E) road rage\nA: Let's think step by step. You are driving to work, so you are probably feeling a sense of urgency or responsibility to get to work on time. Suddenly, another car makes a careless maneuver, which could potentially put you in danger or cause an accident. This could trigger a strong emotional response, such as anger or frustration, which could lead to road rage. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) road rage. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What was the man encouraged to do after he expressed his anger violently? Answer Choices: (A) cool off (B) punch (C) illustrate point (D) fight (E) release energy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man expressed his anger violently. This means that he showed his anger in a strong and aggressive way. Next, what do you think he should do after that? Should he continue to be angry and violent? No, that would not be a good idea. Instead, he should do something to calm down and relax. This is what we call \"cooling off.\" So, the correct answer is (A) cool off. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What area does a police officer patrol? Answer Choices: (A) direct traffic (B) city (C) beat (D) street (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a police officer's job? A police officer's job is to enforce laws and maintain public order. Next, what does it mean to patrol? To patrol means to regularly walk or drive around an area to make sure everything is safe and in order. So, what area does a police officer patrol? A police officer patrols a specific area, called a beat, within a city. This could include streets, parks, and other public areas. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) beat. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The ball was hit over a boundary and struck an audience member.  What kind of game were they playing? Answer Choices: (A) sporting event (B) sporting (C) basketball (D) society (E) ranch country\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the ball was hit over a boundary, which suggests that it was a game with boundaries, such as a field or court. This rules out options D and E. Next, we know that the ball struck an audience member, which suggests that it was a game with spectators. This rules out option C. Finally, we know that the ball was hit, which suggests that it was a game involving a ball. This rules out option D. Therefore, the most likely answer is A) sporting event. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?. Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) soccer game (C) keg (D) can (E) refrigerator\nA: Let's think step by step. Batman bought beer. So, he went to a store or a bar to buy beer. Then, we are told that there were no bottles available. This means that the store or bar did not have any bottles of beer for Batman to buy. So, he had to settle for something else. Out of the answer choices, the only one that makes sense is (D) can. This is because a can is another type of container for beer, similar to a bottle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. (A) shelf is a place where items are stored, not a type of container for beer. (B) soccer game is an event, not a type of container for beer. (C) keg is a large barrel used to store and dispense beer, not a type of container for beer. (E) refrigerator is a household appliance used to keep food and drinks cold, not a type of container for beer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) can. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What emotion leads to punching? Answer Choices: (A) fists (B) hitting (C) boxing gloves (D) anger (E) hands\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If I want a new ottoman, where should I go? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) parlor (C) turkey (D) living room (E) den\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, what is an ottoman? An ottoman is a piece of furniture that is used as a footstool or for extra seating. So, where would you typically find furniture? In a furniture store! Therefore, the correct answer is (A) furniture store. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: What furniture will you normally find near a side chair? Answer Choices: (A) bedroom (B) table (C) wheel barrow (D) building (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. A side chair is typically used for sitting, so it would make sense to have a table nearby for placing items or eating. A bedroom or office may also have a side chair for sitting at a desk or vanity. A wheelbarrow and building are not typically associated with side chairs. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) table. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time? Answer Choices: (A) shelter (B) floor (C) warm place (D) farmhouse (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the kitten's mother is a mouser, meaning she is good at catching mice. Next, we know that the kitten is going to grow up to be a mouser like its mother. So, where would the kitten need to spend most of its time in order to learn how to be a good mouser? The best answer would be (D) farmhouse, as this is where the mother would most likely be catching mice and the kitten could observe and learn from her. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What will a person going for a jog likely be wearing? Answer Choices: (A) grope (B) acknowledgment (C) comfortable clothes (D) ipod (E) passionate kisses\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a person is going for a jog. This means they will be doing some physical activity, so they will likely want to wear comfortable clothes. This eliminates options A, B, and E. Next, we can assume that they may want to listen to music while they jog, so they may have an iPod with them. This leaves us with option D. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) iPod. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do you do when you're in a new place and want to see new things? Answer Choices: (A) interesting (B) look around (C) take pictures (D) change of surroundings (E) new experience\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you are in a new place. What do you want to do? You want to see new things, right? So, what are some things you can do to see new things? You can look around, take pictures, or have a new experience. These are all good options, but what do you think is the best answer? I think the best answer is to look around. When you look around, you can take in your surroundings and see all the interesting things that are there. You can also take pictures and have a new experience while you're looking around. So, the best answer is B) look around. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Dan fell off a bar stool.  He did this because he was what than ever before? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) drunker (C) tavern (D) restaurant (E) shorter\nA: Let's think step by step. Dan fell off a bar stool. This means that he was sitting on a bar stool and then he fell off of it. So, what could have caused him to fall off the bar stool? One possible reason could be that he was not sitting properly on the stool. Another reason could be that he lost his balance. But why would he lose his balance? This could be because he was not in a stable state. And what could cause him to not be in a stable state? One possible answer could be that he was drunk. So, the correct answer is (B) drunker. Dan fell off a bar stool because he was drunker than ever before. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What kind of place has a revolving door and has things to buy in it? Answer Choices: (A) new york (B) public place (C) bank (D) mall (E) supermarket door\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place has a revolving door. This eliminates options (A) and (E) because they do not have revolving doors. Next, we know that the place has things to buy in it. This eliminates option (B) because it does not specify a specific type of place. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). Both banks and malls have revolving doors and things to buy in them. However, a bank typically only has a few items for sale, such as financial services or basic office supplies. A mall, on the other hand, has a wide variety of stores and products for sale. Therefore, the most likely answer is (D) mall. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Turkey only has a small northern part of their country located in part of the what? Answer Choices: (A) middle east (B) oven (C) balkan peninsula (D) provide meat (E) asia minor\nA: Let's think step by step. Turkey is a country located in the continent of Asia. However, it also has a small part of its territory located in Europe. This part is called the Balkan Peninsula. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) Balkan Peninsula. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If I want a new ottoman, where should I go? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) parlor (C) turkey (D) living room (E) den\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an ottoman? An ottoman is a piece of furniture that is used as a footstool or for extra seating. So, where would you typically find furniture? In a furniture store! Therefore, the correct answer is (A) furniture store. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If I want a new ottoman, where should I go? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) parlor (C) turkey (D) living room (E) den\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If you're celebrating with too many cocktails what may you have in the morning? Answer Choices: (A) drunkenness (B) have fun (C) headache (D) hang over (E) intimacy\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, you're celebrating with too many cocktails. This implies that you are drinking a lot of alcohol. Next, the question asks what you may have in the morning. This suggests that there may be some consequences or effects of drinking too much. The answer choices are (A) drunkenness, (B) have fun, (C) headache, (D) hangover, and (E) intimacy. Out of these choices, (C) headache and (D) hangover are the most likely consequences of drinking too much. (A) drunkenness and (B) have fun are not consequences, but rather actions or states that may occur while drinking. (E) intimacy is not a likely consequence of drinking too much, as alcohol can actually decrease sexual desire and performance. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) hangover. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: What may I place the telephone on? Answer Choices: (A) bar (B) friend's house (C) desktop (D) party (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where we can place the telephone. The options given are: bar, friend's house, desktop, party, and office. Out of these options, the most suitable place to place a telephone would be a desktop. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) desktop. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a very unlikely side effect of becoming inebriated? Answer Choices: (A) fights (B) drunkenness (C) staggering (D) puke (E) paralysis\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what does it mean to become inebriated? It means to become drunk or intoxicated. Next, what are some common side effects of becoming inebriated? Fights, drunkenness, staggering, and puking are all common side effects of becoming inebriated. Finally, what is a very unlikely side effect? Paralysis is a very unlikely side effect of becoming inebriated. It is not a common or expected side effect of being drunk. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) paralysis. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you're celebrating with too many cocktails what may you have in the morning? Answer Choices: (A) drunkenness (B) have fun (C) headache (D) hang over (E) intimacy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you're celebrating with too many cocktails. This implies that you are drinking a lot of alcohol. Next, the question asks what you may have in the morning. This suggests that there may be some consequences or effects of drinking too much. The answer choices are (A) drunkenness, (B) have fun, (C) headache, (D) hangover, and (E) intimacy. Out of these choices, (C) headache and (D) hangover are the most likely consequences of drinking too much. (A) drunkenness and (B) have fun are not consequences, but rather actions or states that may occur while drinking. (E) intimacy is not a likely consequence of drinking too much, as alcohol can actually decrease sexual desire and performance. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) hangover. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The hikers stopped to have a drink, simply put they what? Answer Choices: (A) had a party (B) were thirsty (C) refreshment (D) getting drunk (E) celebrating\nA: Let's think step by step. The hikers stopped to have a drink. This means that they stopped to consume a beverage. So, what does this tell us about their state or condition? They were thirsty! Therefore, the correct answer is (B) were thirsty. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where is beer drank by people watching sticks and pucks? Answer Choices: (A) bottle (B) refrigerator (C) hockey game (D) casino (E) bar\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the people are watching \"sticks and pucks,\" which is a common way to refer to hockey. So, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not mention anything related to hockey. Next, we know that the people are drinking beer, so we can eliminate option (D) because casinos do not typically serve beer. This leaves us with options (C) and (E). However, since the question specifically mentions people watching hockey, the most likely answer is (C) hockey game. People often drink beer while watching sports games, and a hockey game would be the most appropriate setting for people watching sticks and pucks. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) hockey game. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: From where would you normally take a cup when you're about to get a drink? Answer Choices: (A) dishwasher (B) water fountain (C) sand box (D) toilet (E) kitchen cabinet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to be in a place where you can get a drink. The options that seem most likely are a water fountain or a kitchen cabinet. A dishwasher is used for cleaning dishes, a sand box is for playing, and a toilet is for using the bathroom - none of these options seem like a place where you would get a drink. So, the most likely answer is (E) kitchen cabinet. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you're celebrating with too many cocktails what may you have in the morning? Answer Choices: (A) drunkenness (B) have fun (C) headache (D) hang over (E) intimacy\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where would you put pans if you want to bring them with you? Answer Choices: (A) cooking (B) cook food (C) kitchen (D) backpack (E) drawer\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to consider what pans are used for. Pans are used for cooking food, so we can eliminate options A and B. Next, we need to think about where in the kitchen pans are typically stored. Pans are usually stored in a designated area in the kitchen, such as a cabinet or drawer. However, the question asks where you would put pans if you want to bring them with you. This means that the pans need to be portable. A kitchen or drawer is not portable, so we can eliminate options C and E. This leaves us with option D, backpack, as the most logical answer. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: If student got a list of supplies from class like paper and pencils, their parent would have to go where? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) parking garage (C) store (D) backpack (E) cabinet\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the student would need to get the list of supplies from class. This would most likely happen in the classroom. Then, the parent would need to go to a place where they can purchase the supplies. This would most likely be a store. So, the correct answer is (C) store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where does a heifer's master live? Answer Choices: (A) farm house (B) barnyard (C) stockyard (D) slaughter house (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a heifer? A heifer is a young female cow that has not yet had a calf. So, where do cows live? Cows typically live on a farm. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) farm house - This could be a possible answer, as the farmer who owns the heifer may live in a farm house on the same property. (B) barnyard - This is also a possible answer, as cows often live in a barn or barnyard on a farm. (C) stockyard - This is less likely, as a stockyard is a place where livestock are kept temporarily before being sold or transported. (D) slaughter house - This is not a likely answer, as a heifer is not typically kept in a slaughter house. (E) eat cake - This is not a relevant answer, as it does not relate to the question. So, the most likely answer is (A) farm house or (B) barnyard. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The chef wanted to perfect his craft, what did he do? Answer Choices: (A) thin potatos (B) prepare food (C) study french cooking (D) drink (E) cook dinner\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the chef wanted to perfect his craft. This means he wanted to become better at cooking. So, what did he do to achieve this goal? Did he thin potatoes? No, thinning potatoes is a specific task, not a way to improve overall cooking skills. Did he prepare food? Yes, this is a general task that all chefs do, but it's not specific to improving one's craft. Did he study French cooking? This is a specific type of cuisine, so it's possible that studying it could help him improve his craft. Did he drink? No, drinking is not a productive way to improve one's cooking skills. Did he cook dinner? This is a general task that all chefs do, but it's not specific to improving one's craft. So, the best answer is C) study French cooking. By studying a specific type of cuisine, the chef can learn new techniques and flavors that can help him improve his overall cooking skills. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you have a stove if you don't live in a detached dwelling? Answer Choices: (A) tent (B) car (C) living room (D) friend's house (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a stove is. A stove is a kitchen appliance used for cooking food. It usually consists of an oven and burners on top for cooking on pots and pans. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A tent is not a suitable place for a stove as it is a temporary shelter and does not have a proper kitchen setup. A car is also not a suitable place for a stove as it is a small and confined space. A living room is a common area in a house, but it is not a suitable place for a stove as it is not a designated kitchen area. A friend's house could be a possibility, but it would depend on whether they have a stove and if they are willing to let you use it. The most suitable answer would be an apartment. An apartment is a type of housing that is attached to other units and typically has a designated kitchen area with a stove. Therefore, if you don't live in a detached dwelling, you would most likely have a stove in your apartment. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What would you put meat on top of to cook it? Answer Choices: (A) oil (B) freezer (C) ham sandwich (D) oven (E) frying pan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to thaw the meat if it was in the freezer. Then, you would need to season the meat with oil or other spices. Next, you would need to cook the meat in some way. You could put it in the oven, but that would take a while. You could also put it in a frying pan, which would cook it faster. So, the best answer would be (E) frying pan. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you have leftover cake, where would you put it? Answer Choices: (A) quandry (B) refrigerator (C) oven (D) night stand (E) bakery\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to consider where leftover cake should be stored. It is a food item, so it should be stored in a place where food is typically kept. This eliminates options A, D, and E. Next, we need to think about where in the kitchen food is typically stored. The oven is used for cooking, not storing food, so option C can be eliminated. This leaves us with option B, refrigerator, as the most logical answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you put pans if you want to bring them with you? Answer Choices: (A) cooking (B) cook food (C) kitchen (D) backpack (E) drawer\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is it called when a person tends to leave things to the last minute? Answer Choices: (A) procrastinate (B) complete collection (C) headache (D) good time management (E) have to hold\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. When a person tends to leave things to the last minute, it means that they delay or put off doing something until the very end. This is often referred to as procrastination. So, the correct answer is (A) procrastinate. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is a good place to set a cup of coffee while relaxing? Answer Choices: (A) coffee shop (B) kitchen (C) hand (D) table (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place to relax. Option (A) coffee shop and (E) office may not be the best choices as they are typically associated with work or socializing. Option (B) kitchen could work, but it may not be the most comfortable or relaxing spot. Option (C) hand is not a practical choice as it would require holding the cup the entire time. That leaves us with option (D) table, which is a common and practical choice for setting down a cup of coffee while relaxing. Therefore, the best answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When you need to rest it's often because you have been doing what? Answer Choices: (A) action (B) sleep (C) sleeping (D) in motion (E) using energy\nA: Let's think step by step. When you need to rest, it's often because you feel tired or exhausted. Why do you feel tired or exhausted? It's because you have been using energy. So, the correct answer is (E) using energy. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If a person is trying to keep something in their hand what should they do? Answer Choices: (A) complete collection (B) own house (C) procrastinate (D) explode (E) have to hold\nA: Let's think step by step. If a person is trying to keep something in their hand, they should first make sure they have a good grip on the object. Then, they should try to hold it securely and not let go. This could involve using their fingers, palm, or even their whole hand to keep the object in place. So, the best answer would be (E) have to hold. The answer is E.\n\nQ: John went to a party that lasted all night.  Because of this, he didn't have time for what? Answer Choices: (A) meeting (B) blowing off steam (C) stay home (D) partying hard (E) studying\nA: Let's think step by step. John went to a party that lasted all night. This means that he spent the entire night at the party. Because of this, he didn't have time for something else. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) meeting - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't have time for another meeting. (B) blowing off steam - This could make sense because John was at a party, which is a way to relax and have fun. But, we need to keep looking at the other choices to make sure. (C) stay home - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be staying home. (D) partying hard - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be partying hard somewhere else. (E) studying - This could make sense because John was at a party all night, so he wouldn't have time to study. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) studying. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When a main artery is used to expedite travel what would it be referred to as? Answer Choices: (A) neck (B) busy city (C) own brain (D) thruway (E) food\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The question is asking for a term that refers to a main artery used for travel. 2. The term \"artery\" is often used to describe a major road or highway that connects different areas. 3. The word \"expedite\" means to make something happen faster or more efficiently. 4. Putting these together, the answer would be (D) thruway, as it is a term commonly used to describe a major highway or road that allows for faster travel between different areas. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is it called when a person tends to leave things to the last minute? Answer Choices: (A) procrastinate (B) complete collection (C) headache (D) good time management (E) have to hold\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What will likely happen after stabbing to death a person? Answer Choices: (A) gruesome (B) being arrested (C) pool of blood (D) mess (E) grisly\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, the person will likely bleed profusely, resulting in a pool of blood. This can be described as gruesome or grisly. The act of stabbing someone to death is also considered gruesome and grisly. After the person dies, there will likely be a mess of blood and other bodily fluids. The perpetrator will also likely be arrested for the crime. So, the most likely answer is (B) being arrested. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? Answer Choices: (A) write sentences on paper (B) ink in (C) ink cartridges (D) caps (E) cling film\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to prevent - the pen from drying out. Then, we need to think about what could cause the pen to dry out - exposure to air. Finally, we need to think about what could cover or seal the pen to prevent air from getting in - a cap or cling film. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) caps. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What is a very unlikely side effect of becoming inebriated? Answer Choices: (A) fights (B) drunkenness (C) staggering (D) puke (E) paralysis\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what does it mean to become inebriated? It means to become drunk or intoxicated. Next, what are some common side effects of becoming inebriated? Fights, drunkenness, staggering, and puking are all common side effects of becoming inebriated. Finally, what is a very unlikely side effect? Paralysis is a very unlikely side effect of becoming inebriated. It is not a common or expected side effect of being drunk. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) paralysis. The answer is E.\n\nQ: WHat leads to an early death? Answer Choices: (A) poisonous gas (B) homicide (C) cinder (D) nuclear weapons (E) cyanide\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what leads to an early death. The answer choices are: (A) poisonous gas, (B) homicide, (C) cinder, (D) nuclear weapons, and (E) cyanide. Out of these options, the most likely answer is (B) homicide, as it refers to the act of killing another person. Poisonous gas, cinder, nuclear weapons, and cyanide can also lead to death, but they are not as commonly associated with an early death as homicide. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) homicide. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What will likely happen after stabbing to death a person? Answer Choices: (A) gruesome (B) being arrested (C) pool of blood (D) mess (E) grisly\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person will likely bleed profusely, resulting in a pool of blood. This can be described as gruesome or grisly. The act of stabbing someone to death is also considered gruesome and grisly. After the person dies, there will likely be a mess of blood and other bodily fluids. The perpetrator will also likely be arrested for the crime. So, the most likely answer is (B) being arrested. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The dad wanted to protect his house, where did he put his gun? Answer Choices: (A) police station (B) crime scene (C) restroom (D) drawer (E) holster\nA: Let's think step by step. The dad wanted to protect his house, so he needed to have his gun ready. Where would be the most logical place for him to keep his gun? It wouldn't make sense for him to keep it at the police station or at a crime scene, as those are not places where he would have easy access to it. It also wouldn't make sense for him to keep it in the restroom, as that is not a secure location. The most logical answer would be (D) drawer, as that is a common place for people to keep their personal belongings and it would be easily accessible for the dad to grab in case of an emergency. (E) holster could also be a possible answer, as some people choose to carry their guns in a holster on their person. However, without any further context, (D) drawer seems like the most logical answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Lawyers often talk in front of an audience where? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) courtroom (C) office building (D) press charges (E) theatre\nA: Let's think step by step. Lawyers are professionals who represent clients in court. So, where do lawyers usually work? They work in a courtroom. So, the answer is (B) courtroom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The vet found malignant tumors on the animals, what is their likely fate? Answer Choices: (A) euthanasia (B) pass water (C) die of cancer (D) feel pain (E) feel pleasure\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what does \"malignant\" mean? It means harmful or cancerous. So, the animals have cancer. What is the likely fate of animals with cancer? They will likely die of cancer. So, the correct answer is (C) die of cancer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would a corpse be covered by a blanket? Answer Choices: (A) bath store (B) bedroom (C) hospital (D) flower garden (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a corpse is a dead body. So, it would not be in a bath store or a flower garden. Next, it is not common for a corpse to be in a bedroom, unless it is a crime scene. That leaves us with the most likely answer, which is (C) hospital. In a hospital, a corpse may be covered by a blanket in a morgue or in a patient's room before being taken to the morgue. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What will likely happen after stabbing to death a person? Answer Choices: (A) gruesome (B) being arrested (C) pool of blood (D) mess (E) grisly\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where is a good place to have a fireplace in a house? Answer Choices: (A) big house (B) train (C) cabin (D) living room (E) home\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. A fireplace is typically used for warmth and ambiance, so it would make sense to have it in a place where people spend a lot of time and want to feel cozy. A big house could have multiple fireplaces, but it would depend on the layout and purpose of each room. A train is not a practical place for a fireplace, as it is constantly moving and would be a fire hazard. A cabin, on the other hand, is a great place for a fireplace as it is often used as a vacation or retreat home and people want to feel warm and cozy in a natural setting. However, the most common and practical place for a fireplace would be in the living room of a home. This is where people gather to relax, entertain, and spend time with family and friends. So, the best answer would be (D) living room. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man didn't do great in college, all his best memories were late night with his brothers at the what? Answer Choices: (A) big city (B) fraternity house (C) school (D) building (E) big town\nA: Let's think step by step. The man didn't do great in college, so he probably didn't have a lot of academic success. This means that his best memories probably didn't come from studying or attending classes. Instead, his best memories were late night with his brothers. This suggests that he had a close group of friends or a community that he enjoyed spending time with. The answer choices are (A) big city, (B) fraternity house, (C) school, (D) building, and (E) big town. Out of these options, the best answer is (B) fraternity house. This is because a fraternity house is a place where a group of male students live together and form a close bond. Late nights with his brothers at the fraternity house would be a common and likely enjoyable experience for the man. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where is a good place to have a fireplace in a house? Answer Choices: (A) big house (B) train (C) cabin (D) living room (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. A fireplace is typically used for warmth and ambiance, so it would make sense to have it in a place where people spend a lot of time and want to feel cozy. A big house could have multiple fireplaces, but it would depend on the layout and purpose of each room. A train is not a practical place for a fireplace, as it is constantly moving and would be a fire hazard. A cabin, on the other hand, is a great place for a fireplace as it is often used as a vacation or retreat home and people want to feel warm and cozy in a natural setting. However, the most common and practical place for a fireplace would be in the living room of a home. This is where people gather to relax, entertain, and spend time with family and friends. So, the best answer would be (D) living room. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The place where my linen closet is really needs repainting a light color as it only has one overhead light. Answer Choices: (A) house (B) home (C) pool house (D) hallway (E) bedroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is where the linen closet is located. This suggests that it is likely a smaller, enclosed space. Next, we know that it needs repainting, so it is likely a room or area that has walls. Finally, we know that it only has one overhead light, which suggests that it may not have many windows or natural light sources. Based on these clues, the best answer is likely (D) hallway. A hallway is a smaller, enclosed space with walls that may not have many windows or natural light sources. It is also a common area in a house that may need repainting. (E) bedroom could also be a possible answer, but it is less likely as bedrooms typically have more than one light source and may not be as in need of repainting as a hallway. (A) house and (B) home are too broad and do not specifically refer to a smaller, enclosed space. (C) pool house is also too specific and does not fit the clues given. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would one find a snake in a cage? Answer Choices: (A) tropical forest (B) oregon (C) woods (D) pet store (E) louisiana\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the snake is in a cage, so it is not in the wild. This eliminates options A, B, and C. Next, we know that the snake is in a cage, so it is likely being kept as a pet. This leaves us with option D, pet store, as the most likely answer. Option E, Louisiana, is also a possible answer as there may be snakes in cages at a zoo or animal sanctuary in Louisiana. However, without more context, it is difficult to determine which answer is the most correct. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you keep an ottoman near your front door? Answer Choices: (A) living room (B) parlor (C) furniture store (D) basement (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an ottoman? An ottoman is a piece of furniture that is typically used as a footstool or for extra seating. It is usually placed in a living room or family room. So, the answer would be (A) living room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where is a good place to have a fireplace in a house? Answer Choices: (A) big house (B) train (C) cabin (D) living room (E) home\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What might someone believe in if they are cleaning clothes? Answer Choices: (A) feminism (B) sanitation (C) ruined (D) wrinkles (E) buttons to fall off\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. When someone is cleaning clothes, they are most likely trying to make them clean and fresh. This could lead to the belief in sanitation, as they are trying to remove any dirt or germs from the clothes. They may also believe in the importance of taking care of their belongings, as cleaning clothes can help prevent them from becoming ruined. Additionally, they may believe in the importance of attention to detail, as they may be careful not to cause any wrinkles or cause buttons to fall off while cleaning. Overall, the most likely belief associated with cleaning clothes is sanitation. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What part of plants is pretty? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) no neurons in (C) millions of cells (D) flowers on (E) roots\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a part of plants that is pretty. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they do not describe a pretty part of plants. Next, we know that plants are made up of millions of cells, so option (C) is not specific enough. This leaves us with option (D), which mentions flowers. Flowers are often considered the most visually appealing part of plants, so (D) is the correct answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Women used to be expected to wear a dress but it's now acceptable for them to wear what? Answer Choices: (A) man suit (B) pants (C) naked (D) action (E) long skirt\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that women used to be expected to wear a dress. This means that in the past, it was the norm for women to wear a dress. However, the question is asking about what is now acceptable for women to wear. This means that the norm has changed and women are now allowed to wear something different. So, we can eliminate options (A) man suit, (C) naked, and (E) long skirt because these were all acceptable in the past. This leaves us with options (B) pants and (D) action. Since (D) action does not make sense in this context, the correct answer must be (B) pants. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What might someone believe in if they are cleaning clothes? Answer Choices: (A) feminism (B) sanitation (C) ruined (D) wrinkles (E) buttons to fall off\nA: Let's think step by step. When someone is cleaning clothes, they are most likely trying to make them clean and fresh. This could lead to the belief in sanitation, as they are trying to remove any dirt or germs from the clothes. They may also believe in the importance of taking care of their belongings, as cleaning clothes can help prevent them from becoming ruined. Additionally, they may believe in the importance of attention to detail, as they may be careful not to cause any wrinkles or cause buttons to fall off while cleaning. Overall, the most likely belief associated with cleaning clothes is sanitation. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The smelly man was having a bath, but what is he pursuing? Answer Choices: (A) hydration (B) being clear (C) personal cleanliness (D) will drown (E) use of water\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is having a bath, which means he is using water. The question asks what he is pursuing, which means what is his goal or intention. So, what is the purpose of using water in this situation? It is most likely for personal cleanliness, as taking a bath is a common way to clean oneself. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) personal cleanliness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where does a maid empty a trash can? Answer Choices: (A) bus stop (B) corner (C) hockey game (D) motel (E) alley\nA: Let's think step by step. A maid is someone who cleans and maintains a house or hotel. So, where would a maid be working? A motel! And where would a trash can be located in a motel? In the room or in the hallway. So, where would a maid empty a trash can? In the motel! The correct answer is (D) motel. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The business men left the discussion in the dressing room, now they just wanted to relax in the sauna of the what? Answer Choices: (A) brush hair (B) theater (C) house (D) dwelling (E) bathhouse\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the business men left the discussion in the dressing room. Then, they wanted to relax. So, what kind of place would they go to relax? The answer choices are: brush hair, theater, house, dwelling, and bathhouse. Out of these options, the most likely place for them to relax would be a bathhouse. So, the answer is (E) bathhouse. The answer is E.\n\nQ: A human wants to submerge himself in water, what should he use? Answer Choices: (A) whirlpool bath (B) coffee cup (C) cup (D) soft drink (E) puddle\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find something that can hold water. A whirlpool bath, cup, and soft drink can all hold water, but a coffee cup and puddle are too small. Next, we need to find something that a human can fit into. A whirlpool bath is the only option that is big enough for a human to submerge themselves in. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) whirlpool bath. The answer is A.\n\nQ: To get clean clothes you to what to them? Answer Choices: (A) get dirty (B) writing (C) use water (D) launder (E) soap\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to put your dirty clothes in the washing machine. Then, you need to add soap or detergent to the machine. Next, you need to turn on the machine and let it fill with water. After that, you need to select the appropriate cycle and let the machine do its job. Finally, when the cycle is finished, you need to take out your clean clothes and put them in the dryer or hang them to dry. So, to get clean clothes, you need to launder them. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) launder. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What might someone believe in if they are cleaning clothes? Answer Choices: (A) feminism (B) sanitation (C) ruined (D) wrinkles (E) buttons to fall off\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Sitting down quickly after eating beans could lead to what? Answer Choices: (A) flatulence (B) happiness (C) laziness (D) fall asleep (E) comfort\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking for a consequence of sitting down quickly after eating beans. So, we can eliminate options (B) happiness, (C) laziness, and (E) comfort, as they are not consequences. Next, we can eliminate option (D) fall asleep because it is not a common consequence of sitting down quickly after eating beans. This leaves us with option (A) flatulence, which is a common consequence of eating beans. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) flatulence. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is a good place to set a cup of coffee while relaxing? Answer Choices: (A) coffee shop (B) kitchen (C) hand (D) table (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place to relax. Option (A) coffee shop and (E) office may not be the best choices as they are typically associated with work or socializing. Option (B) kitchen could work, but it may not be the most comfortable or relaxing spot. Option (C) hand is not a practical choice as it would require holding the cup the entire time. That leaves us with option (D) table, which is a common and practical choice for setting down a cup of coffee while relaxing. Therefore, the best answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: John felt a snake slither over him as he rested.  He was afraid to raise his covers for fear of startling it.  Where might he be? Answer Choices: (A) pet shops (B) oklahoma (C) basement (D) bedroom (E) dreams\nA: Let's think step by step. First, John felt a snake slither over him as he rested. This suggests that he is in a place where snakes can be found. Next, he was afraid to raise his covers for fear of startling it. This suggests that he is in a place where he is able to cover himself with something, like a blanket or sheet. Lastly, the question asks where he might be, so we need to think of a place that fits both of these clues. The best answer would be (D) bedroom, as this is a place where snakes can sometimes be found (if someone has a pet snake) and where someone would have covers to hide under. The other answer choices do not fit both clues. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Why do most people take a quick rest during the day? Answer Choices: (A) need to (B) hungry (C) feel more energetic (D) weak (E) regenerate\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"take a quick rest\" means. It means to take a short break or nap. Next, we need to think about why someone would need to take a quick rest during the day. One possible reason is because they are feeling tired or fatigued. Another reason could be because they have been working or studying for a long period of time and need a break to recharge. Based on these reasons, the most likely answer is (C) feel more energetic. People often take a quick rest during the day to regain their energy and feel more alert and focused. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A person with digestion issues eats a meat-filled breakfast, what does he feel? Answer Choices: (A) heartburn (B) overeating (C) happiness (D) being satisfied (E) gain energy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person has digestion issues. This means that their digestive system is not functioning properly and they may experience discomfort or pain after eating certain foods. Next, they eat a meat-filled breakfast. Meat can be difficult to digest, especially for someone with digestion issues. Therefore, the person may feel discomfort or pain in their stomach after eating the meat-filled breakfast. This discomfort is commonly known as heartburn. So, the correct answer is (A) heartburn. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He has lactose intolerant, but was eating dinner made of cheese, what followed for him? Answer Choices: (A) digestive (B) feel better (C) sleepiness (D) indigestion (E) illness\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he ate dinner made of cheese. Then, he has lactose intolerance. What does this mean? It means that his body cannot digest lactose, which is a sugar found in dairy products like cheese. So, what will follow for him? He will most likely experience indigestion, which is discomfort or pain in the stomach caused by difficulty digesting food. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) indigestion. The answer is D.\n\nQ: John is sitting in a toilet stall in a bathroom, outside he can hear cars going around in circles.  What is the function of the place he is most likely at? Answer Choices: (A) eating food (B) public place (C) race track (D) at hotel (E) public building\nA: Let's think step by step. John is sitting in a toilet stall in a bathroom. This means he is in a bathroom. Outside, he can hear cars going around in circles. This suggests that he is in a place where cars are driving in circles. This is most likely a race track. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) race track. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What could happen to a cat other than wanting food? Answer Choices: (A) feline (B) thirsty (C) sharp claws (D) pussycat (E) hungry\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking for something that could happen to a cat other than wanting food. So, we can eliminate option (E) hungry. Next, we can eliminate option (D) pussycat because it is just another word for cat. Option (A) feline is also just another word for cat, so we can eliminate it as well. This leaves us with options (B) thirsty and (C) sharp claws. Both of these could happen to a cat, but option (B) thirsty is a more likely answer because cats can also feel thirsty and need water to drink. Option (C) sharp claws is not necessarily something that happens to a cat, but rather a physical characteristic that cats have. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) thirsty. The answer is B.\n\nQ: They were getting ready for a really long hike, he put the food can in his what? Answer Choices: (A) cabinet (B) house (C) recycling center (D) backpack (E) make person sick\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they were getting ready for a really long hike. Then, he put the food can in his... what? It wouldn't make sense to put the food can in a cabinet or house, as they were preparing for a hike. It also wouldn't make sense to put it in a recycling center, as that is a place for recycling, not storing food. So, the most logical answer is (D) backpack, as they were getting ready for a hike and a backpack is a common item to bring on a hike to carry supplies. (E) make person sick is not a possible answer, as it is not a location or object. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Sitting down quickly after eating beans could lead to what? Answer Choices: (A) flatulence (B) happiness (C) laziness (D) fall asleep (E) comfort\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: August needed  money because he was afraid that he'd be kicked out of his house.  What did he need money to do? Answer Choices: (A) control people (B) pay bills (C) hurt people (D) buy food (E) get things\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Why was August afraid of being kicked out of his house? Because he wouldn't have a place to live. Why wouldn't he have a place to live? Because he wouldn't be able to pay his bills. So, what did August need money for? To pay bills. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He wanted to live somewhere were every yard was uniform in size and landscaping, where should he look for a house? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) three feet (C) subdivision (D) parking garage (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wants to live somewhere where every yard is uniform in size and landscaping. This means that all the yards should be the same size and have the same type of landscaping. This is most likely to be found in a subdivision, where all the houses are built by the same developer and have similar features. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) subdivision. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you travel you should what in case of unexpected costs? Answer Choices: (A) go somewhere (B) energy (C) spend frivilously (D) fly in airplane (E) have money\nA: Let's think step by step. When you travel, you should have money in case of unexpected costs. The answer is E.\n\nQ: August needed  money because he was afraid that he'd be kicked out of his house.  What did he need money to do? Answer Choices: (A) control people (B) pay bills (C) hurt people (D) buy food (E) get things\nA: Let's think step by step. Why was August afraid of being kicked out of his house? Because he wouldn't have a place to live. Why wouldn't he have a place to live? Because he wouldn't be able to pay his bills. So, what did August need money for? To pay bills. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Many people wanted to leave their country estates for row houses, what did they need to move to? Answer Choices: (A) living less expensively (B) england (C) prison (D) city (E) town\nA: Let's think step by step. First, people wanted to leave their country estates. Why? Because they wanted to move to something else. What did they want to move to? The answer choices give us some options: living less expensively, England, prison, city, and town. Which of these options makes the most sense? Well, people who lived on country estates were often wealthy, so they probably weren't looking to live less expensively. They also probably weren't looking to move to prison. That leaves us with England, city, and town. Since the passage is talking about people moving from country estates to row houses, it makes sense that they would want to move to a city or town, where row houses were more common. So, the correct answer is (D) city. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What might a person be watching if they see a man with a suitcase full of money? Answer Choices: (A) baggage compartment (B) movie (C) subway (D) airplane (E) cargo hold\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man has a suitcase full of money. This suggests that he is traveling or transporting something valuable. Next, we are given a list of options to choose from. Out of these options, the most likely scenario would be that the person is watching a movie. This is because a movie can show a scene where a man is carrying a suitcase full of money, either as a main plot point or as a brief scene. The other options, such as a baggage compartment, subway, airplane, or cargo hold, do not necessarily involve a person carrying a suitcase full of money. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) movie. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) cookie (C) stock market (D) real estate (E) treasure chest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man came from old money and had a fortune. This means that he was already wealthy. Next, we know that he made new money. This means that he increased his wealth. How did he do this? By making shrewd trades. This means that he was smart and strategic in his business dealings. Now, we need to figure out where he made these trades. The answer choices are: (A) eat cake, (B) cookie, (C) stock market, (D) real estate, and (E) treasure chest. We can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not logical places to make trades. Option (E) is also unlikely because a treasure chest is not a common place for business transactions. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). The stock market is a common place for people to make trades and increase their wealth, so this is the most likely answer. Real estate is also a possibility, but it is less likely because it is not explicitly mentioned in the sentence. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stock market. The answer is C.\n\nQ: They were getting ready for a really long hike, he put the food can in his what? Answer Choices: (A) cabinet (B) house (C) recycling center (D) backpack (E) make person sick\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they were getting ready for a really long hike. Then, he put the food can in his... what? It wouldn't make sense to put the food can in a cabinet or house, as they were preparing for a hike. It also wouldn't make sense to put it in a recycling center, as that is a place for recycling, not storing food. So, the most logical answer is (D) backpack, as they were getting ready for a hike and a backpack is a common item to bring on a hike to carry supplies. (E) make person sick is not a possible answer, as it is not a location or object. The answer is D.\n\nQ: August needed  money because he was afraid that he'd be kicked out of his house.  What did he need money to do? Answer Choices: (A) control people (B) pay bills (C) hurt people (D) buy food (E) get things\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is the best way to begin going into trance? Answer Choices: (A) religious experience (B) closed eyes (C) loss of control (D) sleep (E) hallucination\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"going into trance\" means. Trance is a state of mind where a person is in a deep, relaxed, and focused state. So, the best way to begin going into trance would be to relax and focus the mind. This eliminates options (A) religious experience and (C) loss of control. Next, closing the eyes can help with relaxation and focus, but it is not the only way to achieve trance. This leaves us with options (D) sleep and (E) hallucination. While sleep can be a form of trance, it is not the best way to intentionally enter a trance state. Therefore, the best answer is (E) hallucination, as it suggests using visualization techniques to enter a trance state. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: What room would you find many bookcases and is used for contemplation? Answer Choices: (A) study (B) house (C) homw (D) kitchen (E) den\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The first clue is \"many bookcases\". This suggests that the room is likely to be a place for storing and reading books. 2. The second clue is \"contemplation\". This means that the room is used for quiet thinking and reflection. 3. Putting these clues together, the answer is most likely (A) study, as this is a room specifically designed for reading, studying, and quiet contemplation. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The earth is one planet in what? Answer Choices: (A) tree (B) orbit (C) solar system (D) fotograph (E) dreams\nA: Let's think step by step. The earth is a planet, which means it is a large, round object that orbits around a star. So, the earth is one planet in a solar system. A solar system is a collection of planets, moons, and other objects that orbit around a central star. So, the correct answer is (C) solar system. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When you need to rest it's often because you have been doing what? Answer Choices: (A) action (B) sleep (C) sleeping (D) in motion (E) using energy\nA: Let's think step by step. When you need to rest, it's often because you feel tired or exhausted. Why do you feel tired or exhausted? It's because you have been using energy. So, the correct answer is (E) using energy. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When going to sleep what happens to your body? Answer Choices: (A) snoring (B) latency (C) dreams (D) relaxation (E) dreaming\nA: Let's think step by step. First, when you go to sleep, your body starts to relax. This means that your muscles become less tense and your breathing slows down. As you continue to fall asleep, your brain waves also slow down and become more synchronized. This is known as the latency stage. During this stage, you may experience some light sleep and may even start to snore. As you enter deeper stages of sleep, your body becomes even more relaxed and your brain waves slow down even further. This is when you start to dream. So, the correct answer is (D) relaxation, followed by (B) latency, and then (E) dreaming. (A) snoring is not a necessary part of the process, as not everyone snores when they sleep. (C) dreams are a result of the dreaming stage, not a cause of it. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The man closed his eyes as the music played, what effect did the music have? Answer Choices: (A) coma (B) enjoyable (C) soothing (D) universal (E) good or bad\nA: Let's think step by step. The man closed his eyes. This suggests that the music had some sort of impact on him. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A coma is a state of unconsciousness, so it is unlikely that the music would have put the man in a coma. \"Enjoyable\" is a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily explain why the man closed his eyes. \"Soothing\" seems like a better fit, as it suggests that the music had a calming effect on the man. \"Universal\" doesn't make sense in this context, as it refers to something that is applicable to everyone. Lastly, \"good or bad\" is too broad and doesn't provide a specific effect. Therefore, the best answer is (C) soothing. The answer is C.\n\nQ: I you believe in god, where will you go when you die? Answer Choices: (A) heaven (B) church (C) imagination (D) synagogue (E) monastery\nA: Let's think step by step. If I believe in God, then I believe in an afterlife. If I believe in an afterlife, then I believe that there is a place where my soul will go after I die. If I believe in the Christian faith, then I believe that I will go to heaven. Therefore, my answer would be (A) heaven. The answer is A.\n\nQ: To see new films you must? Answer Choices: (A) open eyes (B) go to movies (C) kick ball (D) make art (E) look for\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you must open your eyes to see anything. Then, you must go to the movies to see new films. So, the correct answer is (B) go to movies. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: I want my wine stored in darkness, where should it go? Answer Choices: (A) movies (B) bed (C) moon (D) vault (E) cellar\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that darkness is the key factor, so we can eliminate options (A) movies and (B) bed. Next, we know that wine is typically stored in a cool place, so we can eliminate option (C) moon. This leaves us with options (D) vault and (E) cellar. Both of these options could potentially work, but the most common and traditional place to store wine is in a cellar, so the correct answer is (E) cellar. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the best way to begin going into trance? Answer Choices: (A) religious experience (B) closed eyes (C) loss of control (D) sleep (E) hallucination\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: They had a theory of what they could do in t he big game, so over and over they would what? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) practice (C) fact (D) practical (E) practise\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, they had a theory of what they could do in the big game. This means that they had an idea or plan for what they could do. Next, they would do something over and over. What could they do repeatedly to prepare for the big game? They could park, but that doesn't make sense in this context. They could also practice, which means to repeatedly do something to improve a skill. This makes the most sense in this context. The other options do not fit the context. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) practice. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why is it hard for a young child to read a long book? Answer Choices: (A) knowledge (B) cover (C) no pictures (D) past (E) many words\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what makes reading a long book difficult for a young child. Is it because they don't have enough knowledge? No, that can't be it. Children are constantly learning and absorbing new information. Is it because of the cover of the book? No, that doesn't make sense either. The cover of a book doesn't affect a child's ability to read it. Is it because there are no pictures? Yes, that could be a factor. Pictures can help young children understand and engage with the story. Is it because of the past? No, that doesn't seem relevant. Finally, is it because there are too many words? Yes, that is a likely reason. Young children may struggle with reading long books because they are still building their reading skills and may become overwhelmed by a large amount of text. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) many words. The answer is E.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do parents tell a child to do on the weekend? Answer Choices: (A) study (B) begin school (C) go out to play (D) row boat (E) clean room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a weekend is. A weekend is a period of time that includes Saturday and Sunday, usually considered as a time for leisure and recreation. So, what do parents usually want their child to do during this time? They want them to relax and have fun! Therefore, the correct answer is (C) go out to play. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The kids didn't clean up after they had done what? Answer Choices: (A) learn things (B) play games (C) disneyland (D) play with toys (E) talking\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the kids did something. Then, they didn't clean up. So, what could they have done that would require cleaning up afterwards? The answer is (D) play with toys. The answer is D.\n\nQ: They had to know where to go, they got on the national highway after consulting the what? Answer Choices: (A) canada (B) atlas (C) united states (D) major cities (E) book\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they had to know where to go. Then, they got on the national highway. So, what did they use to know where to go? They consulted something. What could they have consulted? They could have consulted a map, a GPS, or a book. Out of the answer choices, the best option is (B) atlas, because an atlas is a book of maps. The other options do not make sense in this context. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The ball was hit over a boundary and struck an audience member.  What kind of game were they playing? Answer Choices: (A) sporting event (B) sporting (C) basketball (D) society (E) ranch country\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the ball was hit over a boundary, which suggests that it was a game with boundaries, such as a field or court. This rules out options D and E. Next, we know that the ball struck an audience member, which suggests that it was a game with spectators. This rules out option C. Finally, we know that the ball was hit, which suggests that it was a game involving a ball. This rules out option D. Therefore, the most likely answer is A) sporting event. The answer is A.\n\nQ: They wanted to try blowfish, so they went to get some where? Answer Choices: (A) atlantic ocean (B) books (C) france (D) aquarium (E) fish market\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they wanted to try blowfish. Blowfish is a type of fish that is known for being a delicacy in some cultures. So, where would they go to get some blowfish? They could go to the Atlantic Ocean, but that would require them to catch the fish themselves. They could also go to an aquarium, but that would just allow them to see the fish, not eat it. Books and France are not related to getting blowfish at all. That leaves us with the fish market. The fish market is a place where people can buy different types of fish, including blowfish. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) fish market. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: They had a theory of what they could do in t he big game, so over and over they would what? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) practice (C) fact (D) practical (E) practise\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The ball was hit over a boundary and struck an audience member.  What kind of game were they playing? Answer Choices: (A) sporting event (B) sporting (C) basketball (D) society (E) ranch country\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the ball was hit over a boundary, which suggests that it was a game with boundaries, such as a field or court. This rules out options D and E. Next, we know that the ball struck an audience member, which suggests that it was a game with spectators. This rules out option C. Finally, we know that the ball was hit, which suggests that it was a game involving a ball. This rules out option D. Therefore, the most likely answer is A) sporting event. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The goal was to hit the target, but a projectile ball can't hit anything if it isn't in what? Answer Choices: (A) motion (B) ocean (C) flintlock (D) arcade (E) tennis court\nA: Let's think step by step. The goal is to hit the target. What do we need to do in order to hit the target? We need to throw or shoot something at the target. So, the ball needs to be in motion in order to hit the target. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) motion. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do people aim to do at work? Answer Choices: (A) complete job (B) learn from each other (C) kill animals (D) wear hats (E) talk to each other\nA: Let's think step by step. What is the main purpose of work? It is to complete a job or task. So, the answer is (A) complete job. The answer is A.\n\nQ: James slamed into someone playing football, and not for the first time.  He was concerned about the consequences of many what? Answer Choices: (A) exhilaration (B) interactions (C) head injuries (D) death (E) having fun\nA: Let's think step by step. James slammed into someone playing football. This means that James collided with someone while playing football. The sentence also says that this is not the first time this has happened. So, James has collided with someone multiple times while playing football. Now, the sentence says that James is concerned about the consequences of many what? The word \"many\" indicates that there are multiple consequences that James is worried about. So, what are these consequences? The answer choices are: (A) exhilaration, (B) interactions, (C) head injuries, (D) death, and (E) having fun. Out of these options, the only one that makes sense as a consequence of repeatedly slamming into someone while playing football is (C) head injuries. This means that James is worried about getting injured in the head from these collisions. So, the correct answer is (C) head injuries. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where do you throw a ball at pins? Answer Choices: (A) bowling alley (B) football stadium (C) soccer field (D) sporting event (E) sporting goods store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to know what kind of ball we are throwing. The answer choices mention a ball, pins, and a sporting event. This suggests that we are talking about a specific sport or game. Next, we need to think about where we typically see pins. Pins are commonly associated with bowling, so the answer is most likely (A) bowling alley. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The ball was hit over a boundary and struck an audience member.  What kind of game were they playing? Answer Choices: (A) sporting event (B) sporting (C) basketball (D) society (E) ranch country\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the ball was hit over a boundary, which suggests that it was a game with boundaries, such as a field or court. This rules out options D and E. Next, we know that the ball struck an audience member, which suggests that it was a game with spectators. This rules out option C. Finally, we know that the ball was hit, which suggests that it was a game involving a ball. This rules out option D. Therefore, the most likely answer is A) sporting event. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The shark actually counted as evidence, so where did the legal team bring it? Answer Choices: (A) court room (B) shallow waters (C) poker game (D) sea world (E) pond arena\nA: Let's think step by step. The legal team brought the shark as evidence, so it must have been brought to a place where evidence is presented. This eliminates options (B) shallow waters, (D) sea world, and (E) pond arena. The shark was also used in a legal case, so it must have been brought to a place where legal proceedings take place. This eliminates option (C) poker game. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) court room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The ball was hit over a boundary and struck an audience member.  What kind of game were they playing? Answer Choices: (A) sporting event (B) sporting (C) basketball (D) society (E) ranch country\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The dog curled up for a nap, it was tuckered out because it had just been what? Answer Choices: (A) walked (B) petted (C) affection (D) go outside (E) scratch\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The dog curled up for a nap, meaning it was tired and needed to rest. It was also \"tuckered out,\" which means it was exhausted. What could have caused the dog to be exhausted? It had just been something. Based on the context, the most likely answer is (A) walked. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? Answer Choices: (A) start fighting (B) play (C) lots of attention (D) petted (E) bone\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you have to approach the dog. Then, you have to reach out your hand. Next, you have to gently touch the dog's fur. Finally, you have to move your hand back and forth. Based on these steps, the correct answer is (D) petted. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The old man needed to have rest multiple times a day, he would do what on the couch and catnap? Answer Choices: (A) lay in bed (B) lay in bed (C) go to bed (D) relax (E) lie down\nA: Let's think step by step. The old man needed to have rest multiple times a day. So, he would do what? He would do something on the couch. What would he do on the couch? He would catnap. So, the old man would catnap on the couch. Now, let's look at the answer choices. Which one matches our answer? The correct answer is (E) lie down. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The baby was cranky, it needed to eat breakfast but refused to what? Answer Choices: (A) buy food (B) open mouth (C) get out of bed (D) cry (E) wake up\nA: Let's think step by step. The baby was cranky, meaning it was probably upset or irritable. It needed to eat breakfast, but refused to do what? It refused to open its mouth, which is necessary for eating. So the correct answer is (B) open mouth. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The trucker plopped on the bench with a sense of relief, where did he arrive? Answer Choices: (A) bordello (B) rest area (C) garden (D) bus stop (E) state park\nA: Let's think step by step. The trucker \"plopped on the bench\" - this suggests that he was tired and needed to rest. He also felt a \"sense of relief\" - this suggests that he was happy to have arrived at this place. So, where could he have arrived that would make him feel relieved and want to rest? A bordello (a brothel) is unlikely, as that would not be a place for rest. A garden is also unlikely, as it would not have a bench for him to sit on. A bus stop is possible, but it would not necessarily provide a sense of relief. A state park is also possible, but it would depend on the specific park and the trucker's experience there. The most likely answer is (B) rest area, as this is a designated place for travelers to stop and rest. The answer is B.\n\nQ: I took my seat, the curtains drew back and I enjoyed the what? Answer Choices: (A) airplane (B) movie (C) auditorium (D) theatre (E) show\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you took your seat. Then, the curtains drew back. Finally, you enjoyed something. Based on this information, we can eliminate options (A) airplane and (C) auditorium, as they do not fit the context. Option (B) movie could be a possibility, but it doesn't make sense for curtains to draw back in a movie theater. That leaves us with options (D) theatre and (E) show. Both of these options could fit the context, but option (E) show is a more general term that could encompass a variety of performances, while option (D) theatre specifically refers to a building or space for performances. Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) show. The answer is E.\n\nQ: She wanted a kitten and puppy so why did she only get the puppy? Answer Choices: (A) one choice for pet (B) cute (C) kennel (D) soft (E) waxy\nA: Let's think step by step. The girl wanted a kitten and a puppy. This means she wanted two pets. However, she only got the puppy. This means she had to make a choice between the kitten and the puppy. So, the correct answer is (A) one choice for pet. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would a corpse be covered by a blanket? Answer Choices: (A) bath store (B) bedroom (C) hospital (D) flower garden (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a corpse is a dead body. So, it would not be in a bath store or a flower garden. Next, it is not common for a corpse to be in a bedroom, unless it is a crime scene. That leaves us with the most likely answer, which is (C) hospital. In a hospital, a corpse may be covered by a blanket in a morgue or in a patient's room before being taken to the morgue. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The dog curled up for a nap, it was tuckered out because it had just been what? Answer Choices: (A) walked (B) petted (C) affection (D) go outside (E) scratch\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is it called when you are talking to someone? Answer Choices: (A) communication (B) quiet (C) boredom (D) persuaded (E) learn\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. When you are talking to someone, you are engaging in a form of interaction. This interaction involves exchanging information, ideas, or feelings between two or more people. This process is known as communication. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) communication. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: What may I place the telephone on? Answer Choices: (A) bar (B) friend's house (C) desktop (D) party (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where we can place the telephone. The options given are: bar, friend's house, desktop, party, and office. Out of these options, the most suitable place to place a telephone would be a desktop. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) desktop. The answer is C.\n\nQ: To what do trees roots cling? Answer Choices: (A) yard (B) orchard (C) museum (D) countryside (E) surface of earth\nA: Let's think step by step. Trees have roots. Roots are the part of the tree that grows underground and absorbs water and nutrients from the soil. So, what do roots cling to? They cling to the surface of the earth, which is the answer choice (E). The answer is E.\n\nQ: If a person stutters when he experiences anxiety or excitement, he'll have difficult doing what? Answer Choices: (A) express information (B) dance (C) library (D) go somewhere (E) study\nA: Let's think step by step. If a person stutters when he experiences anxiety or excitement, it means that he has difficulty speaking fluently. So, the correct answer is (A) express information. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is it called when you are talking to someone? Answer Choices: (A) communication (B) quiet (C) boredom (D) persuaded (E) learn\nA: Let's think step by step. When you are talking to someone, you are engaging in a form of interaction. This interaction involves exchanging information, ideas, or feelings between two or more people. This process is known as communication. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) communication. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The couple explained they were having trouble communicating, it seemed every conversation took great what? Answer Choices: (A) thinking (B) effort (C) laugh (D) force (E) medium\nA: Let's think step by step. The couple is having trouble communicating. What does that mean? It means that they are having difficulty talking to each other and understanding each other. So, what do they need to do to have a successful conversation? They need to put in effort. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) effort. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would you find an office worker gossiping with their colleagues? Answer Choices: (A) water cooler (B) space shuttle (C) baby shower (D) bus stop (E) family\nA: Let's think step by step. An office worker is someone who works in an office. Gossiping is talking about other people's personal lives or rumors. Colleagues are people who work together. So, where would an office worker gossip with their colleagues? The most likely answer is (A) water cooler. The water cooler is a common area in an office where people gather to get water and take breaks. It is a popular spot for office workers to chat and catch up with their colleagues. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do animals do when an enemy is approaching? Answer Choices: (A) feel pleasure (B) procreate (C) pass water (D) listen to each other (E) sing\nA: Let's think step by step. When an enemy is approaching, animals are likely to feel fear or anxiety. This eliminates option (A) feel pleasure. Option (B) procreate is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to focus on survival rather than reproduction in this situation. Option (C) pass water is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to hold their bladder and focus on the approaching threat. Option (E) sing is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to use their energy to flee or defend themselves rather than sing. This leaves us with option (D) listen to each other. Animals may communicate with each other through vocalizations or body language to warn each other of the approaching enemy. This is a common survival tactic in the animal kingdom. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to each other. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The department to where vendors deliver goods for sale is called what? Answer Choices: (A) delivered (B) take away (C) receiving (D) pick up (E) keep\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the department is where vendors deliver goods for sale. So, the department is the place where the goods are delivered. Next, we need to think about what happens to the goods after they are delivered. They are received by someone or something. So, the correct answer is (C) receiving. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is it called when you are talking to someone? Answer Choices: (A) communication (B) quiet (C) boredom (D) persuaded (E) learn\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you sit in a chair while working toward an advanced degree? Answer Choices: (A) aeroport (B) church (C) furniture store (D) university (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that we are working toward an advanced degree. This means that we are studying and learning in order to earn a higher level of education. Next, we need to think about where we would typically study or attend classes while working toward an advanced degree. This would most likely be at a university, as universities are institutions of higher education where students can earn advanced degrees. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) university. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where outside of a city would a squirrel live? Answer Choices: (A) roof (B) inside home (C) forest (D) yard (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. A squirrel is a small animal that likes to climb trees and gather nuts. It needs a place that is safe and has access to food. Based on these clues, the best answer would be (C) forest. Squirrels are commonly found in forests, where they can easily climb trees and find food. The other options, such as (A) roof, (B) inside home, (D) yard, and (E) park, may not provide the same level of safety and access to food for a squirrel. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you do in order to fly in airplane? Answer Choices: (A) buy tickets (B) passenger (C) read (D) add gas (E) run through checklists\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy tickets in order to board the airplane. Then, you would be a passenger on the flight. Before takeoff, the pilot and crew would read through checklists to ensure everything is in order. Finally, the airplane would need to be fueled up with gas before it can fly. So, the correct answer would be (A) buy tickets, (B) passenger, (C) read, (E) run through checklists, and (D) add gas. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Dan fell off a bar stool.  He did this because he was what than ever before? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) drunker (C) tavern (D) restaurant (E) shorter\nA: Let's think step by step. Dan fell off a bar stool. This means that he was sitting on a bar stool and then he fell off of it. So, what could have caused him to fall off the bar stool? One possible reason could be that he was not sitting properly on the stool. Another reason could be that he lost his balance. But why would he lose his balance? This could be because he was not in a stable state. And what could cause him to not be in a stable state? One possible answer could be that he was drunk. So, the correct answer is (B) drunker. Dan fell off a bar stool because he was drunker than ever before. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the what? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) hostel (C) building (D) lobby (E) office park\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A reception desk is a type of desk that is typically located at the front entrance of a building or establishment. 2. The front entrance is the main entrance or the entrance that faces the street or parking lot. 3. So, if somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the building. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) building. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find a monkey in the wild? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) barrel (C) research laboratory (D) captivity (E) thailand\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about where a monkey can be found in the wild. This means that we can eliminate answer choices (A), (C), and (D) because they all involve captivity or human intervention. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (B) because it is a common misconception that monkeys live in barrels, but in reality, they do not. This leaves us with answer choice (E), Thailand, as the correct answer. Monkeys can be found in the wild in various parts of Thailand, including national parks and forests. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you keep an ottoman near your front door? Answer Choices: (A) living room (B) parlor (C) furniture store (D) basement (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an ottoman? An ottoman is a piece of furniture that is typically used as a footstool or for extra seating. It is usually placed in a living room or family room. So, the answer would be (A) living room. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: How can you let someone know about your anger without hurting him or her? Answer Choices: (A) release energy (B) destroy enemy (C) punch (D) write letter (E) lose your temper\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we want to communicate our anger without hurting the other person. This means we need to find a way to express our feelings in a calm and respectful manner. Option (D) write a letter could be a good choice, as it allows us to carefully choose our words and express our feelings without the risk of losing our temper. Option (A) release energy could also be a good choice, as it involves finding a physical outlet for our anger, such as going for a run or hitting a punching bag. Option (E) lose your temper is not a good choice, as it involves losing control and potentially hurting the other person. Option (B) destroy enemy and (C) punch are also not good choices, as they involve physical violence and can cause harm to the other person. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What emotion leads to punching? Answer Choices: (A) fists (B) hitting (C) boxing gloves (D) anger (E) hands\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that punching is a physical action, so we can eliminate answer choices (A), (B), and (C) as they are objects and not emotions. This leaves us with answer choices (D) and (E). Punching is often associated with aggression and violence, which are both expressions of anger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) anger. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you want to kill someone you can do what to them with a gun? Answer Choices: (A) sip through (B) damnation (C) shoot (D) commit crime (E) eat breakfast\nA: Let's think step by step. If you want to kill someone, you can do what to them with a gun? Well, you can shoot them. So the correct answer is (C) shoot. The answer is C.\n\nQ: How can you let someone know about your anger without hurting him or her? Answer Choices: (A) release energy (B) destroy enemy (C) punch (D) write letter (E) lose your temper\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we want to communicate our anger without hurting the other person. This means we need to find a way to express our feelings in a calm and respectful manner. Option (D) write a letter could be a good choice, as it allows us to carefully choose our words and express our feelings without the risk of losing our temper. Option (A) release energy could also be a good choice, as it involves finding a physical outlet for our anger, such as going for a run or hitting a punching bag. Option (E) lose your temper is not a good choice, as it involves losing control and potentially hurting the other person. Option (B) destroy enemy and (C) punch are also not good choices, as they involve physical violence and can cause harm to the other person. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find an office worker gossiping with their colleagues? Answer Choices: (A) water cooler (B) space shuttle (C) baby shower (D) bus stop (E) family\nA: Let's think step by step. An office worker is someone who works in an office. Gossiping is talking about other people's personal lives or rumors. Colleagues are people who work together. So, where would an office worker gossip with their colleagues? The most likely answer is (A) water cooler. The water cooler is a common area in an office where people gather to get water and take breaks. It is a popular spot for office workers to chat and catch up with their colleagues. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do animals do when an enemy is approaching? Answer Choices: (A) feel pleasure (B) procreate (C) pass water (D) listen to each other (E) sing\nA: Let's think step by step. When an enemy is approaching, animals are likely to feel fear or anxiety. This eliminates option (A) feel pleasure. Option (B) procreate is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to focus on survival rather than reproduction in this situation. Option (C) pass water is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to hold their bladder and focus on the approaching threat. Option (E) sing is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to use their energy to flee or defend themselves rather than sing. This leaves us with option (D) listen to each other. Animals may communicate with each other through vocalizations or body language to warn each other of the approaching enemy. This is a common survival tactic in the animal kingdom. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to each other. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If someone mean wanted to insult somebody by calling them a fruit, where is probably not the smartest place to do it? Answer Choices: (A) gay bar (B) market (C) grocery store (D) refrigerator (E) container\nA: Let's think step by step. If someone wanted to insult somebody by calling them a fruit, it is likely that they are using the term \"fruit\" as a derogatory term for a homosexual person. Therefore, the answer is (A) gay bar. The answer is A.\n\nQ: How can you let someone know about your anger without hurting him or her? Answer Choices: (A) release energy (B) destroy enemy (C) punch (D) write letter (E) lose your temper\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: She asked her little boy why, he replied that he didn't know and it was just what? Answer Choices: (A) case (B) reason (C) how (D) because (E) answer\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. The little boy was asked why he did something, and he replied that he didn't know. This means that he doesn't have a reason or explanation for his actions. So, the correct answer is (B) reason. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Why do young people swallow semen ? Answer Choices: (A) you're into (B) prostitute (C) you're curious (D) curiosity (E) heterosexual woman in love\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that not all young people swallow semen. It is a personal choice and not all young people engage in this behavior. So, the answer choices that mention \"you\" or \"you're\" are not accurate. Option B, \"prostitute,\" is also not accurate as it assumes that all young people who swallow semen are engaging in sex work, which is not true. Option E, \"heterosexual woman in love,\" is also not accurate as it assumes that only heterosexual women in love would engage in this behavior, which is not true. That leaves us with options C and D, \"you're curious\" and \"curiosity.\" These options are more accurate as they suggest that young people may be curious about their sexuality and may want to explore different sexual behaviors, including swallowing semen. However, it is important to note that this is not the only reason why young people may engage in this behavior. Some may also do it because they enjoy it or because their partner enjoys it. Ultimately, the reasons for why young people swallow semen vary and cannot be generalized. The answer is C.\n\nQ: James's nice asked him about her grandfather. She was interested in learning about what? Answer Choices: (A) family tree (B) family reunion (C) babysitting (D) brother's house (E) heirlooms\nA: Let's think step by step. James's nice asked him about her grandfather. So, we know that the topic is related to her grandfather. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) family tree - This could be a possible answer because a family tree would show the relationship between family members, including the grandfather. (B) family reunion - This is less likely because a family reunion is an event where family members gather, but it doesn't necessarily involve learning about a specific family member. (C) babysitting - This is not related to the topic of the grandfather. (D) brother's house - This is also not related to the topic of the grandfather. (E) heirlooms - This could be a possible answer because heirlooms are often passed down through generations and could hold information or stories about the grandfather. So, the most likely answer is (A) family tree or (E) heirlooms. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The town house went right to the curb, a slot effectively made a mailbox of the what? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) front door (C) back door (D) street corner (E) porch\nA: Let's think step by step. The town house went right to the curb. This means that the town house is located right next to the curb, or the edge of the sidewalk. Now, the next part says \"a slot effectively made a mailbox.\" This means that there is a slot, or an opening, that is used as a mailbox. So, the slot is effectively made into a mailbox. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) apartment building - This doesn't make sense because the town house is not an apartment building. (B) front door - This doesn't make sense because the front door is usually located on the ground floor, not on the curb. (C) back door - This doesn't make sense because the back door is usually located at the back of the house, not on the curb. (D) street corner - This doesn't make sense because the town house is not located on a street corner. (E) porch - This doesn't make sense because the porch is usually located at the front or back of the house, not on the curb. So, the correct answer is (B) front door. The slot effectively made a mailbox out of the front door of the town house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The teacher played on the upright piano, she was explaining the song to all the students in the what? Answer Choices: (A) music room (B) bathroom (C) house (D) living room (E) music store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the teacher is playing on an upright piano. This suggests that she is in a room with a piano, so we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Next, she is explaining the song to all the students. This suggests that she is in a room with students, so we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with option A, the music room, as the most likely answer. The answer is A.\n\nQ: She wanted a kitten and puppy so why did she only get the puppy? Answer Choices: (A) one choice for pet (B) cute (C) kennel (D) soft (E) waxy\nA: Let's think step by step. The girl wanted a kitten and a puppy. This means she wanted two pets. However, she only got the puppy. This means she had to make a choice between the kitten and the puppy. So, the correct answer is (A) one choice for pet. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: She asked her little boy why, he replied that he didn't know and it was just what? Answer Choices: (A) case (B) reason (C) how (D) because (E) answer\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The cancer patient was expecting to die, so he made out his what? Answer Choices: (A) not to live (B) write will (C) never want (D) seek help (E) go to hell\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The cancer patient was expecting to die. What do people usually do when they know they are going to die? They make preparations. What is one common preparation that people make when they know they are going to die? They write a will. So, the correct answer is (B) write will. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: John wanted scatter his wife's remains in a lake in the wilderness.  He had to delay before of where he lived.  Where did he live? Answer Choices: (A) mountains (B) dead body (C) pay debts (D) state park (E) new york\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. John wanted to scatter his wife's remains in a lake in the wilderness. 2. He had to delay before of where he lived. 3. Where did he live? Based on the information given, we can infer that John lived in a place that was not close to the lake in the wilderness where he wanted to scatter his wife's remains. This means that he did not live in the mountains or a state park, as those would be closer to the wilderness. He also did not live in a dead body (as that is not a place) or in a place called \"pay debts.\" Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) New York, as it is a place that is not close to the wilderness and could potentially have a lake where John could scatter his wife's remains. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man started to learn jogging, what was he hoping to do? Answer Choices: (A) exhaustion (B) getting in shape (C) fitness (D) injure himself (E) fatigue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man started to learn jogging. This means he is trying to learn how to jog. Why would someone want to learn how to jog? Jogging is a form of exercise, so perhaps he wants to exercise. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) exhaustion and (E) fatigue both mean being very tired, so these are not the correct answers. (D) injure himself is the opposite of what someone would want to do when learning a new activity, so this is not the correct answer either. This leaves us with (B) getting in shape and (C) fitness. Both of these answers are related to improving one's physical health and well-being, which is a common reason for starting to jog. However, (B) getting in shape is a more specific and direct answer, so it is the best choice. Therefore, the man was hoping to get in shape by learning how to jog. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What happens to a body after death? Answer Choices: (A) rebirth (B) human experience (C) sadness (D) decomposition (E) obesity\nA: Let's think step by step. After death, the body stops functioning and the heart stops beating. This means that the body is no longer receiving oxygen and nutrients, which are necessary for cells to survive. Without these essential elements, the body begins to break down and decompose. This process is aided by bacteria and other organisms that live in and on our bodies. As the body decomposes, it releases gases and fluids, causing it to bloat and change in appearance. Eventually, the body will break down into smaller and smaller pieces until it is no longer recognizable as a human body. This process can take weeks, months, or even years, depending on the conditions in which the body is placed. So, the correct answer is (D) decomposition. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The cancer patient was expecting to die, so he made out his what? Answer Choices: (A) not to live (B) write will (C) never want (D) seek help (E) go to hell\nA: Let's think step by step. The cancer patient was expecting to die. What do people usually do when they know they are going to die? They make preparations. What is one common preparation that people make when they know they are going to die? They write a will. So, the correct answer is (B) write will. The answer is B.\n\nQ: I you believe in god, where will you go when you die? Answer Choices: (A) heaven (B) church (C) imagination (D) synagogue (E) monastery\nA: Let's think step by step. If I believe in God, then I believe in an afterlife. If I believe in an afterlife, then I believe that there is a place where my soul will go after I die. If I believe in the Christian faith, then I believe that I will go to heaven. Therefore, my answer would be (A) heaven. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The vet found malignant tumors on the animals, what is their likely fate? Answer Choices: (A) euthanasia (B) pass water (C) die of cancer (D) feel pain (E) feel pleasure\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what does \"malignant\" mean? It means harmful or cancerous. So, the animals have cancer. What is the likely fate of animals with cancer? They will likely die of cancer. So, the correct answer is (C) die of cancer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: They were getting ready for a really long hike, he put the food can in his what? Answer Choices: (A) cabinet (B) house (C) recycling center (D) backpack (E) make person sick\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they were getting ready for a really long hike. Then, he put the food can in his... what? It wouldn't make sense to put the food can in a cabinet or house, as they were preparing for a hike. It also wouldn't make sense to put it in a recycling center, as that is a place for recycling, not storing food. So, the most logical answer is (D) backpack, as they were getting ready for a hike and a backpack is a common item to bring on a hike to carry supplies. (E) make person sick is not a possible answer, as it is not a location or object. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The cancer patient was expecting to die, so he made out his what? Answer Choices: (A) not to live (B) write will (C) never want (D) seek help (E) go to hell\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Because of his anger he couldn't clearly explain or what? Answer Choices: (A) cool off (B) write letter (C) get mad (D) illustrate point (E) destroy enemy\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person is angry. Next, we know that because of this anger, they are unable to do something. What is that something? They are unable to clearly explain something. So, the correct answer is (D) illustrate point. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What emotion leads to punching? Answer Choices: (A) fists (B) hitting (C) boxing gloves (D) anger (E) hands\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that punching is a physical action, so we can eliminate answer choices (A), (B), and (C) as they are objects and not emotions. This leaves us with answer choices (D) and (E). Punching is often associated with aggression and violence, which are both expressions of anger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) anger. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you want to kill someone you can do what to them with a gun? Answer Choices: (A) sip through (B) damnation (C) shoot (D) commit crime (E) eat breakfast\nA: Let's think step by step. If you want to kill someone, you can do what to them with a gun? Well, you can shoot them. So the correct answer is (C) shoot. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What was the man encouraged to do after he expressed his anger violently? Answer Choices: (A) cool off (B) punch (C) illustrate point (D) fight (E) release energy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man expressed his anger violently. This means that he showed his anger in a strong and aggressive way. Next, what do you think he should do after that? Should he continue to be angry and violent? No, that would not be a good idea. Instead, he should do something to calm down and relax. This is what we call \"cooling off.\" So, the correct answer is (A) cool off. The answer is A.\n\nQ: It was a long trip from the farm, so he stayed in a hotel when he arrived at the what? Answer Choices: (A) bed away from home (B) wwii bunker (C) resort (D) las vegas (E) city\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he was on a farm. Then, he took a trip. Finally, he arrived at a place where he stayed. What kind of place would he stay at after a long trip? A hotel! So, the correct answer is (E) city. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Lawyers often talk in front of an audience where? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) courtroom (C) office building (D) press charges (E) theatre\nA: Let's think step by step. Lawyers are professionals who represent clients in court. So, where do lawyers usually work? They work in a courtroom. So, the answer is (B) courtroom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The gimmicky low brow TV show was about animals when they what? Answer Choices: (A) sick (B) mammals (C) males (D) bite (E) attack\nA: Let's think step by step. The show is about animals. What do animals do? They can get sick, but that doesn't make sense in the context of a TV show. They can be mammals, but that's not really a \"gimmick.\" They can be males, but that doesn't really make sense either. They can bite, but that's not really a \"gimmick\" either. So the answer must be E) attack. The show is probably about animals attacking people or other animals in some way. The answer is E.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Because of his anger he couldn't clearly explain or what? Answer Choices: (A) cool off (B) write letter (C) get mad (D) illustrate point (E) destroy enemy\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: While John Candy and Dan Aykroyd didn't run into a gazelle, you'd have to go where to see one? Answer Choices: (A) eastern hemisphere (B) the city (C) open plain (D) television program (E) great outdoors\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. John Candy and Dan Aykroyd are actors, so they are likely to be in a movie or TV show. The question mentions a gazelle, which is a type of animal. So, we need to find a place where you can see animals in a movie or TV show. The city and television program do not fit this description. The eastern hemisphere is a large area that includes many different countries and environments, so it is not specific enough. The great outdoors, however, is a term often used to describe nature and outdoor environments, where you can see animals in their natural habitats. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) great outdoors. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you find magazines along side many other printed works? Answer Choices: (A) doctor (B) bookstore (C) market (D) train station (E) mortuary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that has many printed works. A doctor's office may have some magazines, but it is not a place where you would find many printed works. A market may have some magazines, but it is not a place where you would find many printed works either. A mortuary is not a place where you would find printed works at all. That leaves us with two options: a bookstore and a train station. Both of these places have a variety of printed works, including magazines. However, a bookstore is specifically dedicated to selling printed works, so it is the best answer. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) bookstore. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where outside of a city would a squirrel live? Answer Choices: (A) roof (B) inside home (C) forest (D) yard (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. A squirrel is a small animal that likes to climb trees and gather nuts. It needs a place that is safe and has access to food. Based on these clues, the best answer would be (C) forest. Squirrels are commonly found in forests, where they can easily climb trees and find food. The other options, such as (A) roof, (B) inside home, (D) yard, and (E) park, may not provide the same level of safety and access to food for a squirrel. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Billy was an astronaut.  When he looked at the world from space, how did it look? Answer Choices: (A) diverse (B) round (C) square (D) orange (E) complicated\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Billy was an astronaut, so he was in space. From space, he could see the Earth. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) diverse means having a variety of different things. (B) round means having a circular shape. (C) square means having four equal sides and four right angles. (D) orange is a color. (E) complicated means difficult to understand or deal with. Based on these definitions, we can eliminate options (C) and (D) because they do not describe the Earth's appearance. Option (A) could be a possibility, as the Earth is home to a diverse range of people, cultures, and landscapes. However, option (B) is a more accurate description of how the Earth looks from space. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) round. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where do you head to travel to a star? Answer Choices: (A) night sky (B) galaxy (C) outer space (D) hollywood (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to leave Earth to travel to a star. So, we need to head to outer space. Once we are in outer space, we can look up at the night sky and see the stars. So, the correct answer is (C) outer space. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The electricity went out and everyone was shrouded in darkness.  They all remained in their seats, because it would have been dangerous to try to find there way out.  Where mihgt they have been? Answer Choices: (A) opera (B) concert (C) basement (D) bedroom (E) grand canyon\nA: Let's think step by step. The electricity went out, so it's likely that they were in a building or structure that relies on electricity for lighting. They all remained in their seats, so it's likely that they were in a place where people sit for an extended period of time. It would have been dangerous to try to find their way out, so it's likely that they were in a large, unfamiliar space. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (A) opera or (B) concert. Both of these events take place in large, darkened theaters or auditoriums where people sit for an extended period of time. The other options, (C) basement, (D) bedroom, and (E) Grand Canyon, do not fit the clues given. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A patriotic guy with a camera is looking for a bald eagle, what is he likely to do with the eagle if he finds one? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) canada (C) minnesota (D) thermal (E) photograph\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the guy is looking for a bald eagle. Bald eagles are typically found in nature, not in cities or thermal areas. They are also not specific to Canada or Minnesota, so those options can be eliminated. This leaves us with option (E) photograph. Since the guy is patriotic, it is likely that he wants to capture a photo of the bald eagle to show his love for his country. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) photograph. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you get a toothpick if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) box (B) grocery store (C) eyes (D) chewing (E) mouth\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where toothpicks are commonly found. A box could potentially contain toothpicks, but it depends on what type of box it is. A grocery store is a more likely place to find toothpicks, as they are often sold in the household goods section. Eyes and chewing are not logical options for obtaining a toothpick. The mouth could potentially be used to hold a toothpick, but it is not a place to get one. Therefore, the best answer is (B) grocery store. The answer is B.\n\nQ: While John Candy and Dan Aykroyd didn't run into a gazelle, you'd have to go where to see one? Answer Choices: (A) eastern hemisphere (B) the city (C) open plain (D) television program (E) great outdoors\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is someone usually doing if someone else is talking to him or her? Answer Choices: (A) listening (B) language (C) looking at eyes (D) planning the perfect murder (E) voice\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. If someone else is talking to him or her, that means the person is not talking themselves. So, we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Option D is not a likely answer, as it is not a common or appropriate response to someone talking to you. That leaves us with option A, listening, as the most likely answer. When someone is talking to you, you are usually listening to what they are saying. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) listening. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: How does a planet usually move around the sun? Answer Choices: (A) writing (B) universe (C) outer space (D) outerspace (E) orbit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a planet is a celestial body that orbits around a star. In our solar system, the sun is the star that all the planets orbit around. So, we can eliminate choices (A) writing, (B) universe, and (D) outerspace because they are not related to the movement of a planet around the sun. Next, we know that the term \"outer space\" refers to the vast expanse beyond Earth's atmosphere, so it is not specific enough to describe the movement of a planet around the sun. This leaves us with choice (E) orbit, which is the correct answer. A planet moves around the sun in an orbit, which is a curved path due to the gravitational pull of the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) orbit. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When we are running what are we doing? Answer Choices: (A) stretches (B) running from police (C) learn to walk (D) go quickly (E) get out of bed\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what running means. Running is a form of physical activity where a person moves at a faster pace than walking. So, when we are running, we are moving our body quickly and covering more distance than we would if we were walking. This can be for various reasons, such as exercise, sports, or even running from danger. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) go quickly. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is someone usually doing if someone else is talking to him or her? Answer Choices: (A) listening (B) language (C) looking at eyes (D) planning the perfect murder (E) voice\nA: Let's think step by step. If someone else is talking to him or her, that means the person is not talking themselves. So, we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Option D is not a likely answer, as it is not a common or appropriate response to someone talking to you. That leaves us with option A, listening, as the most likely answer. When someone is talking to you, you are usually listening to what they are saying. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) listening. The answer is A.\n\nQ: She had an interest in the man, what did she want to do with him? Answer Choices: (A) see particular program (B) see exhibits (C) see people play game (D) have conversation (E) watch film\nA: Let's think step by step. She had an interest in the man. What does that mean? It means she was attracted to him or curious about him. Now, what would she want to do with someone she is interested in? She might want to get to know them better or spend time with them. So, out of the answer choices, which one best fits that idea? (D) have conversation. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find an office worker gossiping with their colleagues? Answer Choices: (A) water cooler (B) space shuttle (C) baby shower (D) bus stop (E) family\nA: Let's think step by step. An office worker is someone who works in an office. Gossiping is talking about other people's personal lives or rumors. Colleagues are people who work together. So, where would an office worker gossip with their colleagues? The most likely answer is (A) water cooler. The water cooler is a common area in an office where people gather to get water and take breaks. It is a popular spot for office workers to chat and catch up with their colleagues. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do animals do when an enemy is approaching? Answer Choices: (A) feel pleasure (B) procreate (C) pass water (D) listen to each other (E) sing\nA: Let's think step by step. When an enemy is approaching, animals are likely to feel fear or anxiety. This eliminates option (A) feel pleasure. Option (B) procreate is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to focus on survival rather than reproduction in this situation. Option (C) pass water is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to hold their bladder and focus on the approaching threat. Option (E) sing is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to use their energy to flee or defend themselves rather than sing. This leaves us with option (D) listen to each other. Animals may communicate with each other through vocalizations or body language to warn each other of the approaching enemy. This is a common survival tactic in the animal kingdom. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to each other. The answer is D.\n\nQ: To get clean clothes you to what to them? Answer Choices: (A) get dirty (B) writing (C) use water (D) launder (E) soap\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to put your dirty clothes in the washing machine. Then, you need to add soap or detergent to the machine. Next, you need to turn on the machine and let it fill with water. After that, you need to select the appropriate cycle and let the machine do its job. Finally, when the cycle is finished, you need to take out your clean clothes and put them in the dryer or hang them to dry. So, to get clean clothes, you need to launder them. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) launder. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is someone usually doing if someone else is talking to him or her? Answer Choices: (A) listening (B) language (C) looking at eyes (D) planning the perfect murder (E) voice\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Metal is used to make what? Answer Choices: (A) junkyard (B) ore (C) instruments (D) metal fabrication shop (E) bowls\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that metal is a material. So, it cannot be used to make a place like a junkyard or a shop. Next, we know that metal is usually found in the form of ore, but it is not used to make ore. So, we can eliminate options A and B. Now, let's look at the remaining options. Metal can be used to make instruments, metal fabrication shops, and bowls. However, metal fabrication shops are places where metal is processed, not made. So, we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with options C and E. Metal can be used to make instruments like guitars, drums, and trumpets. It can also be used to make bowls, which are commonly used for eating or cooking. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) instruments and (E) bowls. The answer is C and E.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where would you buy a finely crafted writing instrument? Answer Choices: (A) nasa (B) classroom (C) stationery store (D) purse (E) office supply store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place that sells writing instruments. Option A, nasa, is not a place where you can buy writing instruments. Option B, classroom, is a place where you can find writing instruments, but it is not a store. Option D, purse, is not a place where you can buy writing instruments. This leaves us with options C and E. Option C, stationery store, is a store that specializes in selling writing instruments and other office supplies. Option E, office supply store, is also a store that sells writing instruments, but it may not have as wide of a selection as a stationery store. Therefore, the best answer is (C) stationery store. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would stones not be arranged in a path? Answer Choices: (A) quarries (B) field (C) park (D) bridge (E) made from rocks\nA: Let's think step by step. Stones are often used to create paths in outdoor spaces, such as parks, gardens, and even bridges. They are also commonly found in quarries, which are areas where rocks are extracted for building materials. However, they would not be arranged in a path in a field, as fields are typically open spaces used for farming or grazing animals. So, the correct answer is (B) field. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Punk rock music is an important part of what action sport? Answer Choices: (A) skate (B) listen (C) opera (D) opera (E) relax\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what punk rock music is. Punk rock is a genre of rock music that emerged in the mid-1970s. It is characterized by fast-paced songs with hard-edged melodies and often politically charged lyrics. Now, let's think about which action sport would be most closely associated with this type of music. Skateboarding is often associated with punk rock music, as both emerged in the 1970s and have a rebellious and countercultural spirit. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) skate. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If I wanted to eat something that is made from plants and needs to be washed, what would it be? Answer Choices: (A) roots (B) millions of cells (C) see work (D) leaves to gather light (E) flowers on\nA: Let's think step by step. We want something that is made from plants, so we can eliminate options (B) and (C) since they do not mention plants. Option (E) mentions flowers, but flowers are not typically washed before eating. Option (D) mentions leaves, which can be eaten and need to be washed before consumption. However, the best answer would be option (A) roots. Roots are often eaten and need to be washed before cooking or eating. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The wood was still rough to the touch, what did the woodworker have to do? Answer Choices: (A) petrify (B) sanded (C) warp (D) composted (E) clean\nA: Let's think step by step. The woodworker wants to make the wood smooth to the touch. The wood is still rough. What can the woodworker do to make it smooth? The answer is (B) sanded. The woodworker can use sandpaper to rub the wood and make it smooth. The answer is B.\n\nQ: A statue that shoots liquid is called a what? Answer Choices: (A) water fountain (B) large city (C) museum (D) pool (E) central park\nA: Let's think step by step. A statue is a sculpture, so it is a work of art. It is not a city, a museum, or a park. It is not a pool, because a pool is a body of water, not a statue. The correct answer is (A) water fountain. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you hear a trumpet along with other instruments made from the same material? Answer Choices: (A) music store (B) bass (C) brass band (D) orchestra (E) marching band\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to know what a trumpet is. A trumpet is a musical instrument that is made of brass and is played by blowing into it and pressing the keys. Now, let's think about where we might hear a trumpet. A music store is a place where you can buy musical instruments, but it is unlikely that you would hear a trumpet playing there. A bass is a type of guitar, so it is not made of brass and would not be played with a trumpet. A brass band is a group of musicians who play instruments made of brass, so it is possible that a trumpet would be played in a brass band. An orchestra is a large group of musicians who play different instruments, including brass instruments like trumpets. Finally, a marching band is a group of musicians who play instruments while marching in parades or at sporting events. Marching bands often include brass instruments like trumpets. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) brass band. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Metal is taken from what which is pulled from the ground? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) instruments (C) ore (D) car (E) junkyard\nA: Let's think step by step. Metal is taken from what? It is taken from the ground. What is in the ground? Dirt, instruments, ore, cars, and junkyards are all found in the ground, but only one of these options is a source of metal. Do you know which one? It is ore. Ore is a type of rock that contains metal. So, the correct answer is (C) ore. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Metal is used to make what? Answer Choices: (A) junkyard (B) ore (C) instruments (D) metal fabrication shop (E) bowls\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that metal is a material. So, it cannot be used to make a place like a junkyard or a shop. Next, we know that metal is usually found in the form of ore, but it is not used to make ore. So, we can eliminate options A and B. Now, let's look at the remaining options. Metal can be used to make instruments, metal fabrication shops, and bowls. However, metal fabrication shops are places where metal is processed, not made. So, we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with options C and E. Metal can be used to make instruments like guitars, drums, and trumpets. It can also be used to make bowls, which are commonly used for eating or cooking. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) instruments and (E) bowls. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Metal is used to make what? Answer Choices: (A) junkyard (B) ore (C) instruments (D) metal fabrication shop (E) bowls\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The man  tried to break the glass in order to make his escape in time, but he could not.  The person in the cat, trying to kill him, did what? Answer Choices: (A) accelerate (B) putting together (C) working (D) construct (E) train\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. The man tried to break the glass in order to make his escape in time, but he could not. This means that the man was trying to break the glass to get out of a dangerous situation, but he was unsuccessful. The sentence then mentions \"the person in the cat,\" which is a bit confusing. It could be a typo and meant to say \"the person in the car.\" So, let's assume that's what it means. This person is trying to kill the man, so they are probably doing something aggressive or violent. Out of the answer choices, the best fit would be (A) accelerate, as this means to increase in speed or intensity. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man laid on the soft moss and looked up at the trees, where was the man? Answer Choices: (A) niagra falls (B) forest (C) waterfall (D) ground (E) tree\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is laying on soft moss, so he is not on a hard surface like the ground or a waterfall. He is also looking up at trees, so he must be in a place with tall trees. This eliminates options A and C. The man is also able to lay down comfortably, so he is not on a tree. This leaves us with option B, forest, as the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He picked up his pace to a run, he wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) learn to walk (B) frightened (C) get away from (D) exercise (E) go faster\nA: Let's think step by step. He picked up his pace to a run. What does that mean? It means he started running. Why did he start running? Because he wanted to do something. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) learn to walk - This doesn't make sense because he's already running. (B) frightened - This could be a reason to run, but it doesn't fit with the rest of the sentence. (C) get away from - This could be a reason to run, but it doesn't fit with the rest of the sentence. (D) exercise - This doesn't make sense because he's already running. (E) go faster - This makes the most sense because he's already running and he wants to go faster. So the correct answer is (E) go faster. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the process of going somewhere? Answer Choices: (A) fire (B) energy (C) car (D) transporting (E) staying in place\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to decide where you want to go. Then, you need to plan your route and mode of transportation. This could involve using a car, taking public transportation, or walking. Next, you need to gather any necessary items, such as a map or tickets. Once you have everything you need, you physically move from your starting point to your destination. This could involve driving, riding a bus or train, or walking. Finally, you arrive at your destination and complete any necessary tasks or activities. The process of going somewhere involves a combination of decision-making, planning, physical movement, and arrival at a destination. So, the best answer would be (D) transporting. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Sean was in a rush to get home, but the light turned yellow and he was forced to do what? Answer Choices: (A) take time (B) dawdle (C) go slowly (D) ocean (E) slow down\nA: Let's think step by step. Sean was in a rush to get home, so he wanted to go fast. However, the light turned yellow. What does a yellow light usually mean? It means to slow down and prepare to stop. So, Sean was forced to slow down. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) slow down. The answer is E.\n\nQ: As he looked out the window, he knew the landing was happening soon, and it made him nervous, but where would he be soon? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) disembark (C) stairwell (D) deplane (E) airport\nA: Let's think step by step. The person is on a plane, and they are looking out the window. They know that the landing is happening soon, which means that the plane is going to touch down on the ground. So, where would the person be soon? They would be on the ground, at the airport. The correct answer is (E) airport. The answer is E.\n\nQ: I took my seat, the curtains drew back and I enjoyed the what? Answer Choices: (A) airplane (B) movie (C) auditorium (D) theatre (E) show\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you took your seat. Then, the curtains drew back. Finally, you enjoyed something. Based on this information, we can eliminate options (A) airplane and (C) auditorium, as they do not fit the context. Option (B) movie could be a possibility, but it doesn't make sense for curtains to draw back in a movie theater. That leaves us with options (D) theatre and (E) show. Both of these options could fit the context, but option (E) show is a more general term that could encompass a variety of performances, while option (D) theatre specifically refers to a building or space for performances. Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) show. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The cat kept pestering it's owner, it was that time of the day and it was what? Answer Choices: (A) litter tray (B) whiskers (C) hungry (D) feline (E) thirsty\nA: Let's think step by step. The cat is pestering its owner. Why might a cat pester its owner? Maybe it wants something. What might a cat want? It could want to go outside, it could want attention, or it could want food. The sentence says it's \"that time of the day.\" What time of day might it be? Maybe it's mealtime! So, the cat is probably pestering its owner because it's hungry. The correct answer is (C) hungry. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The man  tried to break the glass in order to make his escape in time, but he could not.  The person in the cat, trying to kill him, did what? Answer Choices: (A) accelerate (B) putting together (C) working (D) construct (E) train\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What do people do for food? Answer Choices: (A) talk to each other (B) complete job (C) wear hats (D) kill animals (E) believe in god\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what food is. Food is something that people eat to provide nourishment and energy for their bodies. So, what do people do for food? They eat it! Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) talk to each other - While people may talk to each other while eating, talking is not the main action people do for food. (B) complete job - Completing a job may provide people with money to buy food, but it is not the main action people do for food. (C) wear hats - Wearing hats has nothing to do with food. (D) kill animals - This is a possible answer. People may hunt or raise animals for food. (E) believe in god - Believing in god may provide people with spiritual nourishment, but it is not directly related to food. So, the best answer is (D) kill animals. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What is used to grind wheat for bread? Answer Choices: (A) farmer's field (B) countryside (C) cereal packets (D) bread (E) mill\nA: Let's think step by step. First, wheat needs to be ground. What is used to grind things? A mill! So the answer is (E) mill. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do people do for food? Answer Choices: (A) talk to each other (B) complete job (C) wear hats (D) kill animals (E) believe in god\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what food is. Food is something that people eat to provide nourishment and energy for their bodies. So, what do people do for food? They eat it! Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) talk to each other - While people may talk to each other while eating, talking is not the main action people do for food. (B) complete job - Completing a job may provide people with money to buy food, but it is not the main action people do for food. (C) wear hats - Wearing hats has nothing to do with food. (D) kill animals - This is a possible answer. People may hunt or raise animals for food. (E) believe in god - Believing in god may provide people with spiritual nourishment, but it is not directly related to food. So, the best answer is (D) kill animals. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The chef wanted to perfect his craft, what did he do? Answer Choices: (A) thin potatos (B) prepare food (C) study french cooking (D) drink (E) cook dinner\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the chef wanted to perfect his craft. This means he wanted to become better at cooking. So, what did he do to achieve this goal? Did he thin potatoes? No, thinning potatoes is a specific task, not a way to improve overall cooking skills. Did he prepare food? Yes, this is a general task that all chefs do, but it's not specific to improving one's craft. Did he study French cooking? This is a specific type of cuisine, so it's possible that studying it could help him improve his craft. Did he drink? No, drinking is not a productive way to improve one's cooking skills. Did he cook dinner? This is a general task that all chefs do, but it's not specific to improving one's craft. So, the best answer is C) study French cooking. By studying a specific type of cuisine, the chef can learn new techniques and flavors that can help him improve his overall cooking skills. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If you have a ticket and you are planning to eat hot dogs, where would you go? Answer Choices: (A) lottery (B) person's hand (C) baseball stadium (D) movie (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that we have a ticket, so we are most likely going to an event or place that requires a ticket for entry. Next, we know that we are planning to eat hot dogs, so we can eliminate options like the lottery and a movie, as those do not typically offer hot dogs. This leaves us with options (B), (C), and (E). A person's hand is not a likely place to find hot dogs, so we can eliminate that option. This leaves us with (C) baseball stadium and (E) kitchen. While it is possible to eat hot dogs in a kitchen, it is more likely that we would go to a baseball stadium to eat hot dogs, as they are a popular food at sporting events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) baseball stadium. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: I'm having some food at my party, what will I need to serve it? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) pan (C) bowl (D) kitchen (E) spoon\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need a place to prepare and cook the food, so you will need a kitchen. Next, you will need something to cook the food in, so you will need a pan. Once the food is cooked, you will need something to serve it in, so you will need a bowl. Finally, you will need utensils to eat the food with, so you will need spoons. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spoon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do people do for food? Answer Choices: (A) talk to each other (B) complete job (C) wear hats (D) kill animals (E) believe in god\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where could there be a battle that involves words? Answer Choices: (A) court room (B) war (C) video game (D) iraq (E) church\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where there could be a battle that involves words. A war (B) is a physical conflict, not a battle of words. A video game (C) is a virtual world and does not involve real battles. Iraq (D) is a country and not a specific location where a battle of words could take place. A church (E) is a place of worship and not typically a location for battles. That leaves us with option (A) court room, where lawyers and judges engage in verbal battles to defend their clients and make their case. So the correct answer is (A) court room. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: What may I place the telephone on? Answer Choices: (A) bar (B) friend's house (C) desktop (D) party (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where we can place the telephone. The options given are: bar, friend's house, desktop, party, and office. Out of these options, the most suitable place to place a telephone would be a desktop. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) desktop. The answer is C.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you want harmony, what is something you should try to do with the world? Answer Choices: (A) take time (B) make noise (C) make war (D) make peace (E) make haste\nA: Let's think step by step. If you want harmony, you want peace, right? So, the answer is (D) make peace. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The field general began to write out a letter to the king, he was told to send what when the enemy was near? Answer Choices: (A) syllable (B) english alphabet (C) word (D) email (E) invitation\nA: Let's think step by step. The field general is writing a letter to the king. What is the purpose of this letter? It is likely to inform the king about something. What is the general's main concern? The enemy is near. So, what should the general send to the king when the enemy is near? The answer is likely to be something that will help the king prepare for the enemy's arrival. Out of the answer choices, the most logical answer is (C) word. The general can send a word to the king that will alert him about the enemy's arrival and allow him to prepare for battle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where do play a game for money? Answer Choices: (A) casino (B) football ground (C) ballpark (D) family room (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where people can play games for money. A toy store (E) is not a good option because it is a place where people buy toys, not play games for money. A family room (D) is also not a good option because it is usually a private space in someone's home, not a public place for playing games. A football ground (B) and a ballpark (C) are both places where people can play sports, but not necessarily for money. That leaves us with option (A) casino, which is a place specifically designed for gambling and playing games for money. So the correct answer is (A) casino. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Lawyers often talk in front of an audience where? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) courtroom (C) office building (D) press charges (E) theatre\nA: Let's think step by step. Lawyers are professionals who represent clients in court. So, where do lawyers usually work? They work in a courtroom. So, the answer is (B) courtroom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What kind of tale might feature a talking weasel? Answer Choices: (A) mulberry bush (B) animated film (C) chicken coop (D) history book (E) children's story\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a talking weasel is a fictional creature, so it is unlikely to be featured in a history book. Next, we can eliminate the option of a mulberry bush, as it is not a genre of storytelling. A chicken coop could potentially be a setting for a story featuring a talking weasel, but it is not a specific type of tale. This leaves us with two options: an animated film or a children's story. Both of these genres often feature talking animals, so either one could potentially include a talking weasel as a character. However, a children's story is more likely to have a talking weasel as a main character or a prominent role, while an animated film could have a talking weasel as a side character or part of a larger ensemble. Therefore, the most likely answer is (E) children's story. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?. Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) soccer game (C) keg (D) can (E) refrigerator\nA: Let's think step by step. Batman bought beer. So, he went to a store or a bar to buy beer. Then, we are told that there were no bottles available. This means that the store or bar did not have any bottles of beer for Batman to buy. So, he had to settle for something else. Out of the answer choices, the only one that makes sense is (D) can. This is because a can is another type of container for beer, similar to a bottle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. (A) shelf is a place where items are stored, not a type of container for beer. (B) soccer game is an event, not a type of container for beer. (C) keg is a large barrel used to store and dispense beer, not a type of container for beer. (E) refrigerator is a household appliance used to keep food and drinks cold, not a type of container for beer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) can. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where could there be a battle that involves words? Answer Choices: (A) court room (B) war (C) video game (D) iraq (E) church\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Some food can be stored at room temperature until you open it, then you should keep it in what? Answer Choices: (A) shop (B) bookcase (C) shelf (D) refrigerators (E) kitchen\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what type of food can be stored at room temperature until it is opened. This could be canned or packaged food, such as chips or crackers. Next, we need to think about where we should keep this food after it has been opened. The best answer would be (C) shelf, as this is a common place to store food in a kitchen. Option (D) refrigerators could also be a correct answer, as some foods need to be refrigerated after opening. However, the most general and likely answer is (C) shelf. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where can you keep letter opener when it likely to be needed soon? Answer Choices: (A) office supply store (B) stationery store (C) dek (D) martyr's chest (E) refrigerator\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to determine what a letter opener is used for. A letter opener is a small tool used to open envelopes or letters without damaging the contents inside. Therefore, it would make sense to keep a letter opener in a place where you often receive letters or envelopes. This could be at your desk, on a desk, or in a drawer. Option (C) desk seems like the most logical answer. Option (A) office supply store and (B) stationery store are places where you can purchase a letter opener, but not necessarily where you would keep it. Option (D) martyr's chest and (E) refrigerator do not make sense as places to keep a letter opener. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time? Answer Choices: (A) shelter (B) floor (C) warm place (D) farmhouse (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the kitten's mother is a mouser, meaning she is good at catching mice. Next, we know that the kitten is going to grow up to be a mouser like its mother. So, where would the kitten need to spend most of its time in order to learn how to be a good mouser? The best answer would be (D) farmhouse, as this is where the mother would most likely be catching mice and the kitten could observe and learn from her. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what? Answer Choices: (A) players (B) play games (C) casino (D) table (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a poker dealer? A poker dealer is someone who deals cards in a game of poker. So, where would a poker dealer be? Most likely in a casino, right? So, the answer cannot be (E) toy store. Now, let's think about the action of spreading the flop of cards. This means that the dealer is laying out the cards on a surface for the players to see. Where would this surface be? It would be on the table, right? So, the answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The person wasn't bothered by the weather, she had remembered to bring her what? Answer Choices: (A) read book (B) own house (C) apartment (D) more rice (E) warm coat\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wasn't bothered by the weather. This means that the weather was not affecting her negatively. So, what could she have brought that would help her not be bothered by the weather? The answer is (E) warm coat. A warm coat would protect her from the cold and keep her comfortable in the weather. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is a place that is far away from your house and where you could consume beer? Answer Choices: (A) refrigerator (B) friend's house (C) keg (D) neighbor's house (E) kitchen\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need a place that is far away from your house. So, we can eliminate options (A) refrigerator and (E) kitchen because they are both located in your house. Next, we need a place where you could consume beer. This eliminates option (C) keg because a keg is not a place, it is a container for beer. This leaves us with options (B) friend's house and (D) neighbor's house. Both of these options are places that are far away from your house and where you could consume beer. So, the correct answer is either (B) friend's house or (D) neighbor's house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where do you keep musical instrument so it doesn't get scratched? Answer Choices: (A) bank (B) orchestra (C) case (D) music room (E) movie\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what we are trying to keep safe - a musical instrument. Next, we need to think about what can cause damage to the instrument - scratches. Now, we need to think about where we can store the instrument to protect it from scratches. The best answer would be a case, as it is specifically designed to protect musical instruments from damage. So, the correct answer is (C) case. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you put uncooked crab meat? Answer Choices: (A) wharf (B) red lobster (C) tidepools (D) boss's office (E) stew pot\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that uncooked crab meat is not a living crab, so it wouldn't be found in a natural environment like tidepools. It also wouldn't be found in a restaurant like Red Lobster or in a workplace like the boss's office. That leaves us with two options: the wharf or a stew pot. The wharf is a place where seafood is often caught and sold, so it's possible that uncooked crab meat could be found there. However, the most likely place for uncooked crab meat would be in a stew pot, as that is where it would be cooked and prepared for consumption. So, the correct answer is (E) stew pot. The answer is E.\n\nQ: how can i store cooked steak? Answer Choices: (A) oven (B) freezer (C) plate (D) tupperware (E) grill\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to let the steak cool down to room temperature. Then, you can store it in an airtight container or wrap it tightly in plastic wrap. Finally, you can place it in the fridge or freezer. So, the correct answer would be (D) tupperware or (B) freezer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Some food can be stored at room temperature until you open it, then you should keep it in what? Answer Choices: (A) shop (B) bookcase (C) shelf (D) refrigerators (E) kitchen\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: James decided that competing was the right choice.   Not competing has a defined outcome, but if he competes then what could happen? Answer Choices: (A) might win (B) perform better (C) enemies (D) winners and losers (E) lose\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. James decided that competing was the right choice. This means that James has made a decision to compete. The sentence also says that not competing has a defined outcome. This means that if James does not compete, he already knows what will happen. So, what could happen if James competes? The answer choices are: (A) might win, (B) perform better, (C) enemies, (D) winners and losers, and (E) lose. Out of these options, the most likely outcome of competing is that James might win. This means that he has a chance of winning if he competes. So, the correct answer is (A) might win. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: James was looking for a good place to buy farmland.  Where might he look? Answer Choices: (A) midwest (B) countryside (C) estate (D) farming areas (E) illinois\nA: Let's think step by step. James is looking for farmland, so we can eliminate options C and E (estate and Illinois) since they do not specifically mention farmland. Option B (countryside) could be a good choice, but it is a bit vague. Option D (farming areas) is a good choice, but it is still a bit broad. Option A (Midwest) is the best choice because it specifically mentions a region known for its farmland. So, the correct answer is A) Midwest. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do the terms need to be in order to compete against someone? Answer Choices: (A) cheat (B) fair (C) in competition (D) practice (E) sabotage\nA: Let's think step by step. In order to compete against someone, you need to be in a competition. This means that both parties are participating in the same event or activity. However, in order for the competition to be fair, both parties must follow the rules and not cheat. This means that the correct answer is (B) fair. The other options, such as (A) cheat, (C) in competition, (D) practice, and (E) sabotage, are not necessary for competing against someone. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What are people likely to do when an unexpected decent outcome occurs? Answer Choices: (A) kill each other (B) thank god (C) experience pain (D) hatred (E) talk to each other\nA: Let's think step by step. If an unexpected decent outcome occurs, people are likely to feel happy or relieved. They may also feel grateful or lucky. So, what are some things people might do when they feel happy, relieved, grateful, or lucky? They might express their emotions by smiling, laughing, or jumping for joy. They might also hug or high-five each other. They might say things like \"Wow!\" or \"That's amazing!\" or \"I can't believe it!\" They might also thank someone or something for the outcome, such as saying \"Thank God!\" or \"Thank goodness!\" or \"Thank you, universe!\" So, out of the answer choices given, the most likely option is (B) thank god. The answer is B.\n\nQ: James slamed into someone playing football, and not for the first time.  He was concerned about the consequences of many what? Answer Choices: (A) exhilaration (B) interactions (C) head injuries (D) death (E) having fun\nA: Let's think step by step. James slammed into someone playing football. This means that James collided with someone while playing football. The sentence also says that this is not the first time this has happened. So, James has collided with someone multiple times while playing football. Now, the sentence says that James is concerned about the consequences of many what? The word \"many\" indicates that there are multiple consequences that James is worried about. So, what are these consequences? The answer choices are: (A) exhilaration, (B) interactions, (C) head injuries, (D) death, and (E) having fun. Out of these options, the only one that makes sense as a consequence of repeatedly slamming into someone while playing football is (C) head injuries. This means that James is worried about getting injured in the head from these collisions. So, the correct answer is (C) head injuries. The answer is C.\n\nQ: They passed a apple tree on their way to the racetrack, the were going to watch the biggest motorsport spectacle in the world where? Answer Choices: (A) maryland (B) indiana (C) on tv (D) park (E) new jersey\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they passed an apple tree. Then, they were going to watch the biggest motorsport spectacle in the world. So, where could this be? It's not likely to be on TV or in a park, as those are not physical locations. It's also not likely to be in Maryland or New Jersey, as those are states and not specific locations. That leaves us with Indiana. So, the answer is (B) Indiana. The answer is B.\n\nQ: In the building where James worked there was a small mezzanine in the auditorium to make more space for seats.  Where might James work? Answer Choices: (A) theater (B) floors (C) concert hall (D) education (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. James works in a building. The building has an auditorium. In the auditorium, there is a small mezzanine. The purpose of the mezzanine is to make more space for seats. Based on this information, we can infer that James works in a place where there are performances or events that require an auditorium. This could be a theater, concert hall, or school. However, since the mezzanine was built to make more space for seats, it is more likely that James works in a theater or concert hall where there are larger audiences. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) theater or (C) concert hall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is another name for the color of the fur of a dog with light colored fur? Answer Choices: (A) fair (B) basket (C) dog hair (D) game (E) sun\nA: Let's think step by step. The question is asking for another name for the color of the fur of a dog with light colored fur. So, we need to think of a word that describes the color of the fur. The color of the fur is light, so we need to think of a word that means light. The answer choices are: fair, basket, dog hair, game, and sun. Out of these choices, the word \"fair\" means light in color, so the correct answer is (A) fair. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: James decided that competing was the right choice.   Not competing has a defined outcome, but if he competes then what could happen? Answer Choices: (A) might win (B) perform better (C) enemies (D) winners and losers (E) lose\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: A town between two mountains is located in a what? Answer Choices: (A) valley (B) hospital (C) state (D) train station (E) michigan\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "1. A town is a place where people live. 2. Between two mountains means that the town is surrounded by two mountains. 3. A valley is a low area of land between two higher areas, such as mountains. 4. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) valley. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: A computer user working on an important work assignment is located in what structure? Answer Choices: (A) office building (B) internet cafe (C) house (D) school (E) internet cafe\nA: Let's think step by step. The computer user is working on an important work assignment. This means that they need a quiet and professional environment to focus on their work. This rules out options (C) house and (D) school, as these locations may have distractions and may not have the necessary equipment for the user's work. Option (B) internet cafe may also have distractions and may not have the necessary equipment. This leaves us with options (A) office building and (E) internet cafe. Both of these locations can provide a quiet and professional environment with the necessary equipment for the user's work. However, option (A) office building is more likely to be the correct answer as it is specifically designed for work and may have stricter rules and regulations for noise and behavior. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) office building. The answer is A.\n\nQ: I picked from an apple tree outside of Fort Wayne, where am I? Answer Choices: (A) woods (B) illinois (C) indiana (D) washington state (E) tampa\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that you are outside of Fort Wayne. Fort Wayne is a city in Indiana. So, we can eliminate options B, D, and E. Next, we know that you picked from an apple tree. Apple trees are commonly found in orchards or in the wild, such as in woods or forests. However, since you specifically mentioned an apple tree, we can eliminate option A (woods) as it is too general. This leaves us with option C (Indiana) as the most likely answer. Therefore, you are most likely in Indiana. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the process of going somewhere? Answer Choices: (A) fire (B) energy (C) car (D) transporting (E) staying in place\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to decide where you want to go. Then, you need to plan your route and mode of transportation. This could involve using a car, taking public transportation, or walking. Next, you need to gather any necessary items, such as a map or tickets. Once you have everything you need, you physically move from your starting point to your destination. This could involve driving, riding a bus or train, or walking. Finally, you arrive at your destination and complete any necessary tasks or activities. The process of going somewhere involves a combination of decision-making, planning, physical movement, and arrival at a destination. So, the best answer would be (D) transporting. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is the opposite of an area of elevation? Answer Choices: (A) disgust (B) reduction (C) depression (D) demotion (E) diminishment\nA: Let's think step by step. An area of elevation is a place that is higher or raised. So, the opposite would be a place that is lower or lowered. This eliminates options (A) disgust and (D) demotion. Now, let's look at the remaining options. (B) reduction and (E) diminishment both mean a decrease or lessening, but they do not necessarily refer to a physical location. The best answer is (C) depression, which means a sunken or lowered area. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A town between two mountains is located in a what? Answer Choices: (A) valley (B) hospital (C) state (D) train station (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. A town is a place where people live. 2. Between two mountains means that the town is surrounded by two mountains. 3. A valley is a low area of land between two higher areas, such as mountains. 4. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) valley. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A beaver is know for building prowess, their supplies come from where? Answer Choices: (A) british columbia (B) body of water (C) wooded area (D) pay debts (E) zoo\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that beavers are known for their building prowess. This means that they are skilled at building things. Next, we know that their supplies come from somewhere. This means that they need materials to build with. So, where do beavers get their supplies? The answer choices are: (A) British Columbia, (B) body of water, (C) wooded area, (D) pay debts, and (E) zoo. Out of these options, the most logical answer is (C) wooded area. Beavers are known for building dams and lodges out of sticks, branches, and mud. These materials can be found in wooded areas, making it the most likely source for their supplies. (B) body of water could also be a possible answer, as beavers use water to help them transport materials and build their structures. However, (C) wooded area is a more specific and accurate answer. (A) British Columbia is a location, not a source of supplies. (D) pay debts and (E) zoo are not relevant to beavers and their building prowess. Therefore, the best answer is (C) wooded area. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where can you buy a two wheel transportation machine? Answer Choices: (A) boat (B) michigan (C) train station (D) bicycle shop (E) trunk of car\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what a \"two wheel transportation machine\" is. It could be a bicycle, scooter, or motorcycle. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A boat (A) and the trunk of a car (E) are not two wheel transportation machines. Michigan (B) is a state, not a place to buy a transportation machine. A train station (C) is a place to catch a train, not buy a transportation machine. That leaves us with (D) bicycle shop. This is the correct answer because a bicycle shop is a place where you can buy a two wheel transportation machine, specifically a bicycle. The answer is D.\n\nQ: A town between two mountains is located in a what? Answer Choices: (A) valley (B) hospital (C) state (D) train station (E) michigan\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: james told his son to settle down and be careful.  There were many frogs mating in the area, and James didn't want his son to do what to them? Answer Choices: (A) wander (B) migrate (C) scare (D) disturb (E) agitate\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. James told his son to settle down and be careful. Why? Because there were many frogs mating in the area. So, what does James not want his son to do to the frogs? He doesn't want his son to do what to them? The answer choices are: (A) wander (B) migrate (C) scare (D) disturb (E) agitate. Which one of these words means to bother or disrupt? That's right, it's (D) disturb. James doesn't want his son to disturb the frogs while they are mating. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He picked up his pace to a run, he wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) learn to walk (B) frightened (C) get away from (D) exercise (E) go faster\nA: Let's think step by step. He picked up his pace to a run. What does that mean? It means he started running. Why did he start running? Because he wanted to do something. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) learn to walk - This doesn't make sense because he's already running. (B) frightened - This could be a reason to run, but it doesn't fit with the rest of the sentence. (C) get away from - This could be a reason to run, but it doesn't fit with the rest of the sentence. (D) exercise - This doesn't make sense because he's already running. (E) go faster - This makes the most sense because he's already running and he wants to go faster. So the correct answer is (E) go faster. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where? Answer Choices: (A) new moon (B) play cards (C) read book (D) see art (E) grocery shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, she was bored and hungry. Then, she wandered around. Finally, she ended up with a cart full of unhealthy snacks. So, she was probably at a place where she could buy snacks. Out of the answer choices, the only place where she could buy snacks is a grocery shop. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) grocery shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: james told his son to settle down and be careful.  There were many frogs mating in the area, and James didn't want his son to do what to them? Answer Choices: (A) wander (B) migrate (C) scare (D) disturb (E) agitate\nA: Let's think step by step. James told his son to settle down and be careful. Why? Because there were many frogs mating in the area. So, what does James not want his son to do to the frogs? He doesn't want his son to do what to them? The answer choices are: (A) wander (B) migrate (C) scare (D) disturb (E) agitate. Which one of these words means to bother or disrupt? That's right, it's (D) disturb. James doesn't want his son to disturb the frogs while they are mating. The answer is D.\n\nQ: As he looked out the window, he knew the landing was happening soon, and it made him nervous, but where would he be soon? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) disembark (C) stairwell (D) deplane (E) airport\nA: Let's think step by step. The person is on a plane, and they are looking out the window. They know that the landing is happening soon, which means that the plane is going to touch down on the ground. So, where would the person be soon? They would be on the ground, at the airport. The correct answer is (E) airport. The answer is E.\n\nQ: In the building where James worked there was a small mezzanine in the auditorium to make more space for seats.  Where might James work? Answer Choices: (A) theater (B) floors (C) concert hall (D) education (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. James works in a building. The building has an auditorium. In the auditorium, there is a small mezzanine. The purpose of the mezzanine is to make more space for seats. Based on this information, we can infer that James works in a place where there are performances or events that require an auditorium. This could be a theater, concert hall, or school. However, since the mezzanine was built to make more space for seats, it is more likely that James works in a theater or concert hall where there are larger audiences. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) theater or (C) concert hall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do animals do when an enemy is approaching? Answer Choices: (A) feel pleasure (B) procreate (C) pass water (D) listen to each other (E) sing\nA: Let's think step by step. When an enemy is approaching, animals are likely to feel fear or anxiety. This eliminates option (A) feel pleasure. Option (B) procreate is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to focus on survival rather than reproduction in this situation. Option (C) pass water is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to hold their bladder and focus on the approaching threat. Option (E) sing is also unlikely, as animals are more likely to use their energy to flee or defend themselves rather than sing. This leaves us with option (D) listen to each other. Animals may communicate with each other through vocalizations or body language to warn each other of the approaching enemy. This is a common survival tactic in the animal kingdom. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) listen to each other. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? Answer Choices: (A) game (B) pouch (C) home (D) store (E) jar\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do something. What could that something be? It could be to play a game, put it in a pouch, take it home, put it in a store, or put it in a jar. Out of these options, which one makes the most sense? It would make sense for Sarah to drop the marble because she wanted to play a game with it. So, the correct answer is (A) game. The answer is A.\n\nQ: james told his son to settle down and be careful.  There were many frogs mating in the area, and James didn't want his son to do what to them? Answer Choices: (A) wander (B) migrate (C) scare (D) disturb (E) agitate\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Where is a good place to put a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) resturant (B) fast food restaurant (C) mouth (D) kitchen (E) pizza\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that a hamburger is a type of food. So, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not specific locations for food. Next, we know that a hamburger is typically eaten, so the best answer would be a location related to eating. This leaves us with options (C) mouth and (D) kitchen. However, a hamburger is usually prepared and served in a kitchen, so the best answer is (D) kitchen. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? Answer Choices: (A) trouble (B) dog's mouth (C) backyard (D) nature (E) home\nA: Let's think step by step. If you own a cat, you would want to find it in a safe and comfortable place, right? So, the last place you would want to find it would be in a dangerous or uncomfortable place. Out of the answer choices, the most fitting option would be (B) dog's mouth. This is because a dog's mouth can be dangerous for a cat, and it is not a safe or comfortable place for a cat to be in. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Jim decided to lose weight.  He thought that exercise is the best way to lose weight because you can't get rid of what? Answer Choices: (A) need for food (B) fitness (C) sweating (D) fastfood (E) thirst\nA: Let's think step by step. Jim decided to lose weight. What is the best way to lose weight? Exercise. Why? Because you can't get rid of what? The need for food. So the correct answer is (A) need for food. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where is a human likely to go as a result of being hungry? Answer Choices: (A) eat in restaurant (B) make bread (C) have lunch (D) cook dinner (E) friends house\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person is hungry. What is the first thing they might do? They might want to eat something. So, which answer choice involves eating something? Answer choice (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, and (D) cook dinner all involve eating something. Answer choice (B) make bread does not necessarily involve eating something, and answer choice (E) friend's house does not necessarily involve eating something either. So, the most likely answer is (A) eat in restaurant, (C) have lunch, or (D) cook dinner. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Dan fell off a bar stool.  He did this because he was what than ever before? Answer Choices: (A) kitchen (B) drunker (C) tavern (D) restaurant (E) shorter\nA: Let's think step by step. Dan fell off a bar stool. This means that he was sitting on a bar stool and then he fell off of it. So, what could have caused him to fall off the bar stool? One possible reason could be that he was not sitting properly on the stool. Another reason could be that he lost his balance. But why would he lose his balance? This could be because he was not in a stable state. And what could cause him to not be in a stable state? One possible answer could be that he was drunk. So, the correct answer is (B) drunker. Dan fell off a bar stool because he was drunker than ever before. The answer is B.\n\nQ: In what country are the most fast food restaurants? Answer Choices: (A) new york (B) blocks of flats (C) center of town (D) america (E) big cities\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking for a country, so we can eliminate answer choices A, B, and C. Next, we know that the question is asking for the country with the most fast food restaurants, so we can eliminate answer choice E since it is too broad. This leaves us with answer choice D, America, which is the correct answer. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert? Answer Choices: (A) clerk (B) indoors (C) movie theater (D) venue (E) auditorium\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to buy a ticket to see a concert. Where can you buy tickets? A ticket booth! So, the answer must include the word \"booth.\" Next, where would you go to see a concert? A concert is a type of performance, so you would likely go to a place where performances are held. This could be an auditorium, a movie theater, or a venue. However, a movie theater is not typically associated with concerts, so we can eliminate that option. An auditorium is a possible answer, but it is a general term for a large room used for performances. A venue, on the other hand, specifically refers to a place where events, such as concerts, are held. Therefore, the best answer is (D) venue. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where are  you likely to find a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) fast food restaurant (B) pizza (C) ground up dead cows (D) mouth (E) cow carcus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a hamburger is a type of food. So, we can eliminate options (C) and (E) because they are not related to food. Next, we know that a hamburger is a popular food item that is often served in restaurants. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is not a location. This leaves us with options (A) and (B). However, pizza is not typically associated with hamburgers, so the correct answer is (A) fast food restaurant. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where do you keep your pizza slice before you eat it? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) plate (C) restaurant (D) oven (E) popular\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you order a pizza at a restaurant. Then, the pizza is cooked in an oven. Once it's ready, the server brings it to your table on a plate. So, the correct answer would be (B) plate. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where is a good place to put a hamburger? Answer Choices: (A) resturant (B) fast food restaurant (C) mouth (D) kitchen (E) pizza\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is a person looking for when completing puzzles or riddles? Answer Choices: (A) avoid pain (B) compliments (C) intellectual challenge (D) passing grade (E) attention\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what completing puzzles or riddles involves. It requires using problem-solving skills and critical thinking. So, what is a person looking for when completing puzzles or riddles? They are looking for an intellectual challenge. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) intellectual challenge. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Why is it hard for a young child to read a long book? Answer Choices: (A) knowledge (B) cover (C) no pictures (D) past (E) many words\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what makes reading a long book difficult for a young child. Is it because they don't have enough knowledge? No, that can't be it. Children are constantly learning and absorbing new information. Is it because of the cover of the book? No, that doesn't make sense either. The cover of a book doesn't affect a child's ability to read it. Is it because there are no pictures? Yes, that could be a factor. Pictures can help young children understand and engage with the story. Is it because of the past? No, that doesn't seem relevant. Finally, is it because there are too many words? Yes, that is a likely reason. Young children may struggle with reading long books because they are still building their reading skills and may become overwhelmed by a large amount of text. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) many words. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: When you fail to finish something, you failed at doing what to it Answer Choices: (A) winning (B) passing (C) completing (D) do well (E) succeeding\nA: Let's think step by step. When you fail to finish something, it means you did not complete it. So, the correct answer is (C) completing. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a person trying to accomplish when taking analgesics? Answer Choices: (A) acceptance (B) avoid pain (C) acknowledgment (D) passing grade (E) intellectual challenge\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an analgesic? An analgesic is a medication used to relieve pain. So, what is the purpose of taking an analgesic? It is to relieve pain. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) acceptance does not make sense in this context. (C) acknowledgment is also not relevant. (D) passing grade is completely unrelated. (E) intellectual challenge is also not relevant. This leaves us with (B) avoid pain as the correct answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The child pretended he was reading newspaper, he couldn't actually do it without what? Answer Choices: (A) patience (B) falling down (C) literacy (D) buying (E) knowing how to read\nA: Let's think step by step. The child pretended he was reading a newspaper. This means he was pretending to read. However, he couldn't actually do it. This means he wasn't actually reading. So, what does he need in order to actually read? He needs to know how to read. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) knowing how to read. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When a human is earning money, where are they often found? Answer Choices: (A) deep thought (B) park (C) friend's house (D) place of work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. When a human is earning money, it means they are working. So, where do people usually work? The answer is (D) place of work. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where is a monkey likely to enjoy being? Answer Choices: (A) banana tree (B) sailor suit (C) theatre (D) mulberry bush (E) research laboratory\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that monkeys are animals that live in the wild. They are not likely to enjoy being in a sailor suit or in a research laboratory. They may enjoy being in a theatre, but it is not a natural environment for them. That leaves us with two options: a banana tree or a mulberry bush. Monkeys are known to love eating bananas, so it is likely that they would enjoy being in a banana tree. However, they may also enjoy being in a mulberry bush, as they are known to eat a variety of fruits and berries. Therefore, the best answer is (A) banana tree or (D) mulberry bush. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where would you get a toothpick if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) box (B) grocery store (C) eyes (D) chewing (E) mouth\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where toothpicks are commonly found. A box could potentially contain toothpicks, but it depends on what type of box it is. A grocery store is a more likely place to find toothpicks, as they are often sold in the household goods section. Eyes and chewing are not logical options for obtaining a toothpick. The mouth could potentially be used to hold a toothpick, but it is not a place to get one. Therefore, the best answer is (B) grocery store. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What is a person looking for when completing puzzles or riddles? Answer Choices: (A) avoid pain (B) compliments (C) intellectual challenge (D) passing grade (E) attention\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you get together with friends to watch film, you might do plenty of this? Answer Choices: (A) see what happens (B) enjoy stories (C) pass time (D) have fun (E) interesting\nA: Let's think step by step. When you get together with friends to watch film, what do you do? You watch the film, right? So, what do you do while you watch the film? You might do plenty of things, but what is the most likely thing you would do? You would probably have fun, right? So, the correct answer is (D) have fun. The answer is D.\n\nQ: John went to a party that lasted all night.  Because of this, he didn't have time for what? Answer Choices: (A) meeting (B) blowing off steam (C) stay home (D) partying hard (E) studying\nA: Let's think step by step. John went to a party that lasted all night. This means that he spent the entire night at the party. Because of this, he didn't have time for something else. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) meeting - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't have time for another meeting. (B) blowing off steam - This could make sense because John was at a party, which is a way to relax and have fun. But, we need to keep looking at the other choices to make sure. (C) stay home - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be staying home. (D) partying hard - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be partying hard somewhere else. (E) studying - This could make sense because John was at a party all night, so he wouldn't have time to study. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) studying. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where do play a game for money? Answer Choices: (A) casino (B) football ground (C) ballpark (D) family room (E) toy store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where people can play games for money. A toy store (E) is not a good option because it is a place where people buy toys, not play games for money. A family room (D) is also not a good option because it is usually a private space in someone's home, not a public place for playing games. A football ground (B) and a ballpark (C) are both places where people can play sports, but not necessarily for money. That leaves us with option (A) casino, which is a place specifically designed for gambling and playing games for money. So the correct answer is (A) casino. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What might a person be watching if they see a man with a suitcase full of money? Answer Choices: (A) baggage compartment (B) movie (C) subway (D) airplane (E) cargo hold\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man has a suitcase full of money. This suggests that he is traveling or transporting something valuable. Next, we are given a list of options to choose from. Out of these options, the most likely scenario would be that the person is watching a movie. This is because a movie can show a scene where a man is carrying a suitcase full of money, either as a main plot point or as a brief scene. The other options, such as a baggage compartment, subway, airplane, or cargo hold, do not necessarily involve a person carrying a suitcase full of money. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) movie. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) cookie (C) stock market (D) real estate (E) treasure chest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man came from old money and had a fortune. This means that he was already wealthy. Next, we know that he made new money. This means that he increased his wealth. How did he do this? By making shrewd trades. This means that he was smart and strategic in his business dealings. Now, we need to figure out where he made these trades. The answer choices are: (A) eat cake, (B) cookie, (C) stock market, (D) real estate, and (E) treasure chest. We can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not logical places to make trades. Option (E) is also unlikely because a treasure chest is not a common place for business transactions. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). The stock market is a common place for people to make trades and increase their wealth, so this is the most likely answer. Real estate is also a possibility, but it is less likely because it is not explicitly mentioned in the sentence. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stock market. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?. Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) soccer game (C) keg (D) can (E) refrigerator\nA: Let's think step by step. Batman bought beer. So, he went to a store or a bar to buy beer. Then, we are told that there were no bottles available. This means that the store or bar did not have any bottles of beer for Batman to buy. So, he had to settle for something else. Out of the answer choices, the only one that makes sense is (D) can. This is because a can is another type of container for beer, similar to a bottle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. (A) shelf is a place where items are stored, not a type of container for beer. (B) soccer game is an event, not a type of container for beer. (C) keg is a large barrel used to store and dispense beer, not a type of container for beer. (E) refrigerator is a household appliance used to keep food and drinks cold, not a type of container for beer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) can. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Danny found an old film in a sealed what? Answer Choices: (A) clingfilm (B) disneyland (C) cave (D) cabinet (E) movie\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Danny found an old film. Where did he find it? In a sealed what? The answer choices are: clingfilm, disneyland, cave, cabinet, and movie. Which one makes the most sense? It wouldn't make sense for Danny to find an old film in clingfilm, Disneyland, or a cave. That leaves us with cabinet and movie. Since the film was found in a sealed place, it is most likely that Danny found it in a sealed cabinet. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cabinet. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: What do you use to carry your briefcase? Answer Choices: (A) office building (B) school (C) courtroom (D) airport (E) hand\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to have a briefcase. Then, you need to carry it somewhere. So, the answer is not the briefcase itself, but the method of carrying it. The correct answer is (E) hand. The answer is E.\n\nQ: After climbing the mountains, the explored found the cave, what was the general goegraphy of the region he found it in? Answer Choices: (A) west virginia (B) kentucky (C) desert (D) sea (E) rocky hills\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the explorer climbed mountains. This means that the region he was in was mountainous. Then, he found a cave. Caves are often found in rocky areas. So, the general geography of the region he found the cave in was rocky hills. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) rocky hills. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? Answer Choices: (A) competition (B) fun game (C) losing money (D) fun (E) social event\nA: Let's think step by step. The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies. This means that they chose to play poker instead of going to the movies. So, what was their poker game? It was their alternative to going to the movies. In other words, it was their substitute for going to the movies. So, the correct answer is (E) social event. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When you get together with friends to watch film, you might do plenty of this? Answer Choices: (A) see what happens (B) enjoy stories (C) pass time (D) have fun (E) interesting\nA: Let's think step by step. When you get together with friends to watch film, what do you do? You watch the film, right? So, what do you do while you watch the film? You might do plenty of things, but what is the most likely thing you would do? You would probably have fun, right? So, the correct answer is (D) have fun. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The kids didn't clean up after they had done what? Answer Choices: (A) learn things (B) play games (C) disneyland (D) play with toys (E) talking\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the kids did something. Then, they didn't clean up. So, what could they have done that would require cleaning up afterwards? The answer is (D) play with toys. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What regions of a town would you have found a dime store? Answer Choices: (A) commercial building (B) old movie (C) small neighborhood (D) past (E) mall\nA: Let's think step by step. A dime store is a type of store that sells inexpensive items. It is also known as a \"five and dime\" store. Based on this information, we can eliminate some of the answer choices. A dime store would not be found in an old movie or in the past, as it is a present-day term. It also would not be found in a mall, as malls typically have more expensive stores. This leaves us with the answer choices of a commercial building and a small neighborhood. A commercial building is a general term for any building used for business purposes, so it is possible that a dime store could be located there. However, a small neighborhood is a more specific location and could potentially have a dime store as it would serve the local community. Therefore, the most likely answer is (C) small neighborhood. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Danny found an old film in a sealed what? Answer Choices: (A) clingfilm (B) disneyland (C) cave (D) cabinet (E) movie\nA: Let's think step by step. Danny found an old film. Where did he find it? In a sealed what? The answer choices are: clingfilm, disneyland, cave, cabinet, and movie. Which one makes the most sense? It wouldn't make sense for Danny to find an old film in clingfilm, Disneyland, or a cave. That leaves us with cabinet and movie. Since the film was found in a sealed place, it is most likely that Danny found it in a sealed cabinet. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cabinet. The answer is D.\n\nQ: They wanted to try blowfish, so they went to get some where? Answer Choices: (A) atlantic ocean (B) books (C) france (D) aquarium (E) fish market\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they wanted to try blowfish. Blowfish is a type of fish that is known for being a delicacy in some cultures. So, where would they go to get some blowfish? They could go to the Atlantic Ocean, but that would require them to catch the fish themselves. They could also go to an aquarium, but that would just allow them to see the fish, not eat it. Books and France are not related to getting blowfish at all. That leaves us with the fish market. The fish market is a place where people can buy different types of fish, including blowfish. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) fish market. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If there is gum on your shoe where did it likely come from? Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) movies (C) sidewalk (D) water fountain (E) table\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to consider where gum is commonly found. It is not typically found on shelves or tables, so we can eliminate those options. Gum is often chewed in places where people are sitting or standing for a while, so it is possible that it could have come from a movie theater or a water fountain. However, the most likely option is the sidewalk. People often spit out gum while walking, and it can easily get stuck to someone's shoe. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) sidewalk. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Danny found an old film in a sealed what? Answer Choices: (A) clingfilm (B) disneyland (C) cave (D) cabinet (E) movie\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: To play sports professionally you must do what very often? Answer Choices: (A) wash your clothes (B) get in shape (C) practice (D) take off uniform (E) stretch\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, you must get in shape to be able to play sports professionally. This means you need to be physically fit and have good endurance. Next, you must practice regularly to improve your skills and stay in top form. This involves training, drills, and scrimmages with your team. Finally, you must take off your uniform after each game or practice to wash it and keep it clean. So, the correct answer is (C) practice. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what? Answer Choices: (A) town (B) beach (C) park (D) near (E) outside\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that people played games in the soccer field. Next, we know that the soccer field was the closest thing they had to something. What could that something be? Well, it's not \"near\" because that doesn't make sense. It's not \"outside\" because the soccer field is already outside. It's not \"town\" because the soccer field is not a town. That leaves us with \"beach\" and \"park.\" Which one makes more sense? Since the soccer field is a large open space, it's more likely that it would be compared to a park rather than a beach. So the answer is (C) park. The answer is C.\n\nQ: To play sports professionally you must do what very often? Answer Choices: (A) wash your clothes (B) get in shape (C) practice (D) take off uniform (E) stretch\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you must get in shape to be able to play sports professionally. This means you need to be physically fit and have good endurance. Next, you must practice regularly to improve your skills and stay in top form. This involves training, drills, and scrimmages with your team. Finally, you must take off your uniform after each game or practice to wash it and keep it clean. So, the correct answer is (C) practice. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What might you need to do cleaning? Answer Choices: (A) sing a song (B) neatness (C) allergies (D) healthy living (E) using water\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to gather all the necessary cleaning supplies such as a broom, mop, vacuum, cleaning solutions, and rags. Then, you may need to put on gloves and a mask if you have allergies or want to protect your hands from harsh chemicals. Next, you may need to play some music or sing a song to make the cleaning process more enjoyable. You will also need to have a neat and organized space to work in. Finally, you will need to use water to clean surfaces and rinse off cleaning solutions. So, the correct answer would be (E) using water. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When a person admits his mistakes, what are they doing? Answer Choices: (A) accident (B) learn to swim (C) thank god (D) feel relieved (E) act responsibly\nA: Let's think step by step. When a person admits his mistakes, they are acknowledging that they have done something wrong. This means that they are taking responsibility for their actions and acknowledging that they made a mistake. So, the correct answer would be (E) act responsibly. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where do you throw a ball at pins? Answer Choices: (A) bowling alley (B) football stadium (C) soccer field (D) sporting event (E) sporting goods store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to know what kind of ball we are throwing. The answer choices mention a ball, pins, and a sporting event. This suggests that we are talking about a specific sport or game. Next, we need to think about where we typically see pins. Pins are commonly associated with bowling, so the answer is most likely (A) bowling alley. The answer is A.\n\nQ: To see new films you must? Answer Choices: (A) open eyes (B) go to movies (C) kick ball (D) make art (E) look for\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you must open your eyes to see anything. Then, you must go to the movies to see new films. So, the correct answer is (B) go to movies. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: To get clean clothes you to what to them? Answer Choices: (A) get dirty (B) writing (C) use water (D) launder (E) soap\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to put your dirty clothes in the washing machine. Then, you need to add soap or detergent to the machine. Next, you need to turn on the machine and let it fill with water. After that, you need to select the appropriate cycle and let the machine do its job. Finally, when the cycle is finished, you need to take out your clean clothes and put them in the dryer or hang them to dry. So, to get clean clothes, you need to launder them. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) launder. The answer is D.\n\nQ: To play sports professionally you must do what very often? Answer Choices: (A) wash your clothes (B) get in shape (C) practice (D) take off uniform (E) stretch\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What would you do if your date does not show up? Answer Choices: (A) wait for (B) bathe (C) go for haircut (D) plan revenge (E) dress nice\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, you should wait for a reasonable amount of time to see if your date is just running late. If they still do not show up, you could try contacting them to see if everything is okay. If you still do not hear from them, you could choose to do one of the other options listed. Going for a haircut or dressing nicely could help boost your confidence and make you feel good about yourself. Planning revenge is not a healthy or productive option, so it is best to avoid that. Ultimately, it is up to you to decide how you want to spend your time, but it is important to stay calm and not let the situation ruin your evening. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: What may I place the telephone on? Answer Choices: (A) bar (B) friend's house (C) desktop (D) party (E) office\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where we can place the telephone. The options given are: bar, friend's house, desktop, party, and office. Out of these options, the most suitable place to place a telephone would be a desktop. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) desktop. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where can you find a dogs house? Answer Choices: (A) found outside (B) faithful (C) frightening (D) cold (E) four legs\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a dog's house is a place where a dog lives. So, it is not \"faithful\" or \"frightening.\" Next, we know that a dog's house is a shelter, so it is not \"cold.\" Finally, we know that a dog has four legs, but that is not where you can find a dog's house. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) found outside. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Women used to be expected to wear a dress but it's now acceptable for them to wear what? Answer Choices: (A) man suit (B) pants (C) naked (D) action (E) long skirt\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that women used to be expected to wear a dress. This means that in the past, it was the norm for women to wear a dress. However, the question is asking about what is now acceptable for women to wear. This means that the norm has changed and women are now allowed to wear something different. So, we can eliminate options (A) man suit, (C) naked, and (E) long skirt because these were all acceptable in the past. This leaves us with options (B) pants and (D) action. Since (D) action does not make sense in this context, the correct answer must be (B) pants. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What would you do if your date does not show up? Answer Choices: (A) wait for (B) bathe (C) go for haircut (D) plan revenge (E) dress nice\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you should wait for a reasonable amount of time to see if your date is just running late. If they still do not show up, you could try contacting them to see if everything is okay. If you still do not hear from them, you could choose to do one of the other options listed. Going for a haircut or dressing nicely could help boost your confidence and make you feel good about yourself. Planning revenge is not a healthy or productive option, so it is best to avoid that. Ultimately, it is up to you to decide how you want to spend your time, but it is important to stay calm and not let the situation ruin your evening. The answer is A.\n\nQ: John went to a party that lasted all night.  Because of this, he didn't have time for what? Answer Choices: (A) meeting (B) blowing off steam (C) stay home (D) partying hard (E) studying\nA: Let's think step by step. John went to a party that lasted all night. This means that he spent the entire night at the party. Because of this, he didn't have time for something else. What could that be? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) meeting - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't have time for another meeting. (B) blowing off steam - This could make sense because John was at a party, which is a way to relax and have fun. But, we need to keep looking at the other choices to make sure. (C) stay home - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be staying home. (D) partying hard - This doesn't make sense because John was already at a party, so he wouldn't be partying hard somewhere else. (E) studying - This could make sense because John was at a party all night, so he wouldn't have time to study. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) studying. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where do you go on a night out before going to the bar? Answer Choices: (A) new york city (B) las vegas (C) restaurant (D) nightclub (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you might want to go somewhere to eat dinner. So, the answer is (C) restaurant. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The business men left the discussion in the dressing room, now they just wanted to relax in the sauna of the what? Answer Choices: (A) brush hair (B) theater (C) house (D) dwelling (E) bathhouse\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the business men left the discussion in the dressing room. Then, they wanted to relax. So, what kind of place would they go to relax? The answer choices are: brush hair, theater, house, dwelling, and bathhouse. Out of these options, the most likely place for them to relax would be a bathhouse. So, the answer is (E) bathhouse. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing? Answer Choices: (A) to see the fish (B) have fun (C) catching fish (D) wet clothes (E) killing\nA: Let's think step by step. If you are hungry, it means you need food. Going fishing is a way to catch fish, which can be cooked and eaten as food. Therefore, the most logical answer would be (C) catching fish. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would a corpse be covered by a blanket? Answer Choices: (A) bath store (B) bedroom (C) hospital (D) flower garden (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a corpse is a dead body. So, it would not be in a bath store or a flower garden. Next, it is not common for a corpse to be in a bedroom, unless it is a crime scene. That leaves us with the most likely answer, which is (C) hospital. In a hospital, a corpse may be covered by a blanket in a morgue or in a patient's room before being taken to the morgue. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What would you do if your date does not show up? Answer Choices: (A) wait for (B) bathe (C) go for haircut (D) plan revenge (E) dress nice\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The weasel ran up away from danger, somebody joked only our first president could get him down from the what? Answer Choices: (A) washington dc (B) ladder (C) natural history museum (D) cherry tree (E) chicken coop\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, the weasel ran up away from danger. Then, somebody joked that only our first president could get him down from the what? This means that the answer must be something that our first president is known for. The only option that fits this description is (D) cherry tree. George Washington is famously known for chopping down a cherry tree and then admitting to it, saying \"I cannot tell a lie.\" Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cherry tree. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where outside of a city would a squirrel live? Answer Choices: (A) roof (B) inside home (C) forest (D) yard (E) park\nA: Let's think step by step. A squirrel is a small animal that likes to climb trees and gather nuts. It needs a place that is safe and has access to food. Based on these clues, the best answer would be (C) forest. Squirrels are commonly found in forests, where they can easily climb trees and find food. The other options, such as (A) roof, (B) inside home, (D) yard, and (E) park, may not provide the same level of safety and access to food for a squirrel. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What would you do to a rock when climb up a cliff? Answer Choices: (A) grab (B) look down (C) throw (D) falling (E) may fall\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would grab onto the rock to help pull yourself up. Then, you might look down to check your progress or to see how far you have left to climb. You would not throw the rock, as that could be dangerous for anyone below you. Falling is a possibility, but hopefully you would not fall if you are properly secured with ropes and safety equipment. So, the best answer would be (A) grab. The answer is A.\n\nQ: WHat leads to an early death? Answer Choices: (A) poisonous gas (B) homicide (C) cinder (D) nuclear weapons (E) cyanide\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to identify what leads to an early death. The answer choices are: (A) poisonous gas, (B) homicide, (C) cinder, (D) nuclear weapons, and (E) cyanide. Out of these options, the most likely answer is (B) homicide, as it refers to the act of killing another person. Poisonous gas, cinder, nuclear weapons, and cyanide can also lead to death, but they are not as commonly associated with an early death as homicide. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) homicide. The answer is B.\n\nQ: George didn't have a car, but he still had his two feet.   His socks were smelly and his soles were blistered, but that didn't matter.  He could still do what? Answer Choices: (A) michigan (B) walk (C) stay still (D) stink (E) hands\nA: Let's think step by step. George didn't have a car, so he couldn't drive. But he still had his two feet. This means that he could use his feet to move from one place to another. So, the answer is (B) walk. The answer is B.\n\nQ: It was a long trip from the farm, so he stayed in a hotel when he arrived at the what? Answer Choices: (A) bed away from home (B) wwii bunker (C) resort (D) las vegas (E) city\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he was on a farm. Then, he took a trip. Finally, he arrived at a place where he stayed. What kind of place would he stay at after a long trip? A hotel! So, the correct answer is (E) city. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you find a toy soldier that is being played with? Answer Choices: (A) toy box (B) movies (C) child's hand (D) toybos (E) child park\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a toy soldier is a type of toy. So, it would make sense that it would be found in a place where toys are kept or played with. This eliminates options B and E. Next, we know that the toy soldier is being played with, so it would likely be in the possession of a child. This eliminates option D. Finally, we know that the child is actively playing with the toy soldier, so it would most likely be in their hand. This leaves us with option C, child's hand, as the correct answer. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The weasel ran up away from danger, somebody joked only our first president could get him down from the what? Answer Choices: (A) washington dc (B) ladder (C) natural history museum (D) cherry tree (E) chicken coop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the weasel ran up away from danger. Then, somebody joked that only our first president could get him down from the what? This means that the answer must be something that our first president is known for. The only option that fits this description is (D) cherry tree. George Washington is famously known for chopping down a cherry tree and then admitting to it, saying \"I cannot tell a lie.\" Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cherry tree. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Though a mouse might prefer your house, you might also see him where? Answer Choices: (A) tin (B) department store (C) garden (D) small hole (E) cupboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the sentence says \"Though a mouse might prefer your house\". This means that the mouse would rather be in your house than somewhere else. Next, the sentence says \"you might also see him where?\" This means that the mouse could be seen in other places besides your house. So, the correct answer would be (C) garden, (D) small hole, or (E) cupboard. These are all places where a mouse could potentially be seen. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The weasel ran up away from danger, somebody joked only our first president could get him down from the what? Answer Choices: (A) washington dc (B) ladder (C) natural history museum (D) cherry tree (E) chicken coop\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: A meteor travels through galaxies which are a part of what? Answer Choices: (A) republic of ireland (B) sky (C) orbit (D) universe (E) school\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, a meteor is a small rocky or metallic body that travels through space. Next, galaxies are large systems of stars, gas, and dust held together by gravity. So, galaxies are a part of the universe, which is the vast expanse of space that contains all matter and energy. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) universe. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: From where does a snowflake form? Answer Choices: (A) cloud (B) snow storm (C) billow (D) air (E) snowstorm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a snowflake forms in the atmosphere. So, we can eliminate options (B) and (E) because they are not specific enough. Next, a snowflake forms in a specific type of cloud. So, we can eliminate option (D) because it is too general. This leaves us with options (A) and (C). A billow is a type of cloud, so it is possible that a snowflake could form in a billow. However, the most common type of cloud for snowflake formation is a cumulus cloud. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) cloud. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The goal was to hit the target, but a projectile ball can't hit anything if it isn't in what? Answer Choices: (A) motion (B) ocean (C) flintlock (D) arcade (E) tennis court\nA: Let's think step by step. The goal is to hit the target. What do we need to do in order to hit the target? We need to throw or shoot something at the target. So, the ball needs to be in motion in order to hit the target. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) motion. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What is the sun ultimately responsible for? Answer Choices: (A) earth warming (B) sun tan (C) light (D) life on earth (E) heat\nA: Let's think step by step. The sun is a star that is located at the center of our solar system. It is a massive, glowing sphere of hot gas that provides light and heat to the planets in our solar system. So, the sun is responsible for providing light and heat to the Earth. This light and heat are essential for the survival of life on Earth. Therefore, the sun is ultimately responsible for life on Earth. So, the correct answer is (D) life on earth. The answer is D.\n\nQ: James looked up and saw the start twinkling in the black yonder.  He marveled the sheer number of them and the size of what? Answer Choices: (A) universe (B) orbit (C) night sky (D) outer space (E) his wallet\nA: Let's think step by step. James looked up and saw the stars twinkling in the black yonder. So, what is he looking at? He is looking at the night sky. Now, he is marveling at the sheer number of stars and their size. What could he be marveling at? He could be marveling at the vastness of the universe or the expanse of outer space. So, the correct answer would be (A) universe or (D) outer space. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where do you head to travel to a star? Answer Choices: (A) night sky (B) galaxy (C) outer space (D) hollywood (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to leave Earth to travel to a star. So, we need to head to outer space. Once we are in outer space, we can look up at the night sky and see the stars. So, the correct answer is (C) outer space. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The player lifted his cornet and walked in rhythm, what was the player a member of? Answer Choices: (A) museum (B) high school band (C) marching band (D) orchestra (E) band\nA: Let's think step by step. The player lifted his cornet, so we know that he is a musician. Then, he walked in rhythm, which suggests that he is playing music while walking. This is a common practice in marching bands, where musicians play their instruments while marching in a synchronized manner. Therefore, the player is most likely a member of a marching band. The correct answer is (C) marching band. The answer is C.\n\nQ: A meteor travels through galaxies which are a part of what? Answer Choices: (A) republic of ireland (B) sky (C) orbit (D) universe (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. First, a meteor is a small rocky or metallic body that travels through space. Next, galaxies are large systems of stars, gas, and dust held together by gravity. So, galaxies are a part of the universe, which is the vast expanse of space that contains all matter and energy. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) universe. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: A meteor travels through galaxies which are a part of what? Answer Choices: (A) republic of ireland (B) sky (C) orbit (D) universe (E) school\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Animals make up a large part of the? Answer Choices: (A) carrying cargo (B) favorite (C) ecosystem (D) nature (E) ecology\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what the question is asking. The question is asking about animals and their role in something. The answer choices are (A) carrying cargo, (B) favorite, (C) ecosystem, (D) nature, and (E) ecology. Out of these choices, the only one that makes sense is (C) ecosystem. Animals play a crucial role in maintaining balance and diversity in ecosystems, making them a large part of the ecosystem. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) ecosystem. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Where do people want to have a lot of coffee? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) office (C) desk (D) kitchen (E) ocean\nA: Let's think step by step. People usually drink coffee when they are working or studying, so we can eliminate option (E) ocean. Next, we can eliminate option (A) table and (C) desk because they are just surfaces and not specific locations. This leaves us with options (B) office and (D) kitchen. Both of these locations are commonly associated with work or productivity, so it is difficult to determine which one is the correct answer. However, if we consider the fact that many people have coffee makers or coffee shops in their office buildings, option (B) office may be the more likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where do all animals live? Answer Choices: (A) the moon (B) fairgrounds (C) surface of earth (D) meadow (E) zoos\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options A and B because animals cannot live on the moon or at fairgrounds. Next, we can eliminate option E because not all animals live in zoos. This leaves us with options C and D. While some animals may live in meadows, not all animals do. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) surface of earth. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Punk rock music is an important part of what action sport? Answer Choices: (A) skate (B) listen (C) opera (D) opera (E) relax\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what punk rock music is. Punk rock is a genre of rock music that emerged in the mid-1970s. It is characterized by fast-paced songs with hard-edged melodies and often politically charged lyrics. Now, let's think about which action sport would be most closely associated with this type of music. Skateboarding is often associated with punk rock music, as both emerged in the 1970s and have a rebellious and countercultural spirit. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) skate. The answer is A.\n\nQ: What do people do for food? Answer Choices: (A) talk to each other (B) complete job (C) wear hats (D) kill animals (E) believe in god\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what food is. Food is something that people eat to provide nourishment and energy for their bodies. So, what do people do for food? They eat it! Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) talk to each other - While people may talk to each other while eating, talking is not the main action people do for food. (B) complete job - Completing a job may provide people with money to buy food, but it is not the main action people do for food. (C) wear hats - Wearing hats has nothing to do with food. (D) kill animals - This is a possible answer. People may hunt or raise animals for food. (E) believe in god - Believing in god may provide people with spiritual nourishment, but it is not directly related to food. So, the best answer is (D) kill animals. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The man flew his airplane over the city and saw pollution visibly in the sky, what was polluted? Answer Choices: (A) forest (B) street (C) air (D) caused by humans (E) car show\nA: Let's think step by step. The man flew his airplane over the city, so he was in the sky. He saw pollution visibly in the sky. This means that the pollution was in the air. So, the correct answer is (C) air. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Seafood restaurants are used to draw tourists where? Answer Choices: (A) maine (B) shoe shop (C) city (D) boston (E) coastal cities\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Seafood restaurants are used to draw tourists. 2. Where are tourists usually drawn to? 3. Tourists are usually drawn to places that are popular or have something unique to offer. 4. Seafood restaurants are usually found in coastal cities or areas near the ocean. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What might a person be watching if they see a man with a suitcase full of money? Answer Choices: (A) baggage compartment (B) movie (C) subway (D) airplane (E) cargo hold\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man has a suitcase full of money. This suggests that he is traveling or transporting something valuable. Next, we are given a list of options to choose from. Out of these options, the most likely scenario would be that the person is watching a movie. This is because a movie can show a scene where a man is carrying a suitcase full of money, either as a main plot point or as a brief scene. The other options, such as a baggage compartment, subway, airplane, or cargo hold, do not necessarily involve a person carrying a suitcase full of money. Therefore, the most likely answer is (B) movie. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Animals make up a large part of the? Answer Choices: (A) carrying cargo (B) favorite (C) ecosystem (D) nature (E) ecology\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what the question is asking. The question is asking about animals and their role in something. The answer choices are (A) carrying cargo, (B) favorite, (C) ecosystem, (D) nature, and (E) ecology. Out of these choices, the only one that makes sense is (C) ecosystem. Animals play a crucial role in maintaining balance and diversity in ecosystems, making them a large part of the ecosystem. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) ecosystem. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What could bring a container from one place to another? Answer Choices: (A) food (B) refrigerator (C) cargo ship (D) port (E) fuel\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to have something to transport. The answer choices (A) food and (B) refrigerator are not capable of transporting a container. (D) port is a location, not a means of transportation. (E) fuel is necessary for transportation, but it is not the actual means of transportation. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) cargo ship. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Animals make up a large part of the? Answer Choices: (A) carrying cargo (B) favorite (C) ecosystem (D) nature (E) ecology\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Christine couldn't be having a baby at her age, she thought to herself. What was Christine? Answer Choices: (A) old person (B) begin to talk (C) adult (D) old man (E) girl\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Christine couldn't be having a baby at her age. This means that Christine is at an age where it is not common or expected for her to have a baby. This eliminates options (B) begin to talk and (E) girl. Now, let's look at the remaining options. (A) old person and (D) old man both refer to someone who is advanced in age, which does not necessarily mean they cannot have a baby. This leaves us with option (C) adult, which is a more general term for someone who is not a child or a senior citizen. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) adult. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What do you call the caretakers of a child? Answer Choices: (A) principal (B) birth (C) loving couple (D) act of sex (E) parents\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the caretakers are responsible for taking care of a child. This eliminates options (A) principal and (D) act of sex. Next, we know that the caretakers are related to the child in some way. This eliminates option (C) loving couple. Finally, we know that the caretakers are the ones who brought the child into the world. This leaves us with options (B) birth and (E) parents. However, option (B) birth does not accurately describe the relationship between the caretakers and the child. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) parents. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Joan was a baby, so there were many things she couldn't do, which caused problems for her parents.  Name one thing that makes raising a baby difficult. Answer Choices: (A) arrive early (B) learn to walk (C) boy or girl (D) bring joy (E) talk nonsense\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Joan is a baby, so she is very young. This means that she is still developing and learning new skills. One thing that makes raising a baby difficult is that they are not able to communicate effectively. Babies cannot talk or express their needs and wants clearly, which can cause frustration for both the baby and their parents. This is why learning to talk is an important milestone for babies. So, the correct answer is (E) talk nonsense. The answer is E.\n\nQ: A mountie got off at a subway stop.  What city might he be in? Answer Choices: (A) urban area (B) metropolis (C) chicago (D) new york city (E) toronto\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the mountie got off at a subway stop. This means that he is in a city with a subway system. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) urban area is too broad and could refer to any city with a population of over 50,000. (B) metropolis is also too broad and could refer to any large city. (C) Chicago and (D) New York City are both large cities with subway systems, but they are located in the United States. The mountie is more likely to be in a city in Canada, since mounties are the national police force of Canada. This leaves us with (E) Toronto, which is the capital city of the province of Ontario and has a well-developed subway system. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) Toronto. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: She wanted a kitten and puppy so why did she only get the puppy? Answer Choices: (A) one choice for pet (B) cute (C) kennel (D) soft (E) waxy\nA: Let's think step by step. The girl wanted a kitten and a puppy. This means she wanted two pets. However, she only got the puppy. This means she had to make a choice between the kitten and the puppy. So, the correct answer is (A) one choice for pet. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where? Answer Choices: (A) restaurant kitchen (B) dishwasher (C) son's room (D) cabinet (E) party\nA: Let's think step by step. The family finished dinner. What is the next step? The child's chore was to load the dirty dishes. Where do dirty dishes usually go after dinner? The answer is (B) dishwasher. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Christine couldn't be having a baby at her age, she thought to herself. What was Christine? Answer Choices: (A) old person (B) begin to talk (C) adult (D) old man (E) girl\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: His phone was dead and they couldn't find the expressway, he opened up the glove compartment and handed his passenger the what to navigate? Answer Choices: (A) eastern united states (B) michigan (C) map (D) choppers (E) american city\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, his phone was dead, so he couldn't use it for navigation. Then, they couldn't find the expressway, so they needed something to help them navigate. The best option is (C) map, because a map is a tool used for navigation. The other options do not make sense in this context. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He wanted to live somewhere were every yard was uniform in size and landscaping, where should he look for a house? Answer Choices: (A) city (B) three feet (C) subdivision (D) parking garage (E) michigan\nA: Let's think step by step. The person wants to live somewhere where every yard is uniform in size and landscaping. This means that all the yards should be the same size and have the same type of landscaping. This is most likely to be found in a subdivision, where all the houses are built by the same developer and have similar features. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) subdivision. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The man started to learn jogging, what was he hoping to do? Answer Choices: (A) exhaustion (B) getting in shape (C) fitness (D) injure himself (E) fatigue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man started to learn jogging. This means he is trying to learn how to jog. Why would someone want to learn how to jog? Jogging is a form of exercise, so perhaps he wants to exercise. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) exhaustion and (E) fatigue both mean being very tired, so these are not the correct answers. (D) injure himself is the opposite of what someone would want to do when learning a new activity, so this is not the correct answer either. This leaves us with (B) getting in shape and (C) fitness. Both of these answers are related to improving one's physical health and well-being, which is a common reason for starting to jog. However, (B) getting in shape is a more specific and direct answer, so it is the best choice. Therefore, the man was hoping to get in shape by learning how to jog. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Why would you take a bus to work? Answer Choices: (A) commute (B) flying (C) get somewhere (D) travel (E) go home\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to get to work. You could walk, but that might take a long time. You could drive, but maybe you don't have a car or you don't want to deal with traffic and parking. You could take a taxi, but that might be expensive. So, taking a bus is a good option because it is a form of transportation that can get you to work without having to deal with traffic or parking, and it is usually more affordable than a taxi. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) commute. The answer is A.\n\nQ: George didn't have a car, but he still had his two feet.   His socks were smelly and his soles were blistered, but that didn't matter.  He could still do what? Answer Choices: (A) michigan (B) walk (C) stay still (D) stink (E) hands\nA: Let's think step by step. George didn't have a car, so he couldn't drive. But he still had his two feet. This means that he could use his feet to move from one place to another. So, the answer is (B) walk. The answer is B.\n\nQ: They had to know where to go, they got on the national highway after consulting the what? Answer Choices: (A) canada (B) atlas (C) united states (D) major cities (E) book\nA: Let's think step by step. First, they had to know where to go. Then, they got on the national highway. So, what did they use to know where to go? They consulted something. What could they have consulted? They could have consulted a map, a GPS, or a book. Out of the answer choices, the best option is (B) atlas, because an atlas is a book of maps. The other options do not make sense in this context. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The electricity went out and everyone was shrouded in darkness.  They all remained in their seats, because it would have been dangerous to try to find there way out.  Where mihgt they have been? Answer Choices: (A) opera (B) concert (C) basement (D) bedroom (E) grand canyon\nA: Let's think step by step. The electricity went out, so it's likely that they were in a building or structure that relies on electricity for lighting. They all remained in their seats, so it's likely that they were in a place where people sit for an extended period of time. It would have been dangerous to try to find their way out, so it's likely that they were in a large, unfamiliar space. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (A) opera or (B) concert. Both of these events take place in large, darkened theaters or auditoriums where people sit for an extended period of time. The other options, (C) basement, (D) bedroom, and (E) Grand Canyon, do not fit the clues given. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The weasel ran up away from danger, somebody joked only our first president could get him down from the what? Answer Choices: (A) washington dc (B) ladder (C) natural history museum (D) cherry tree (E) chicken coop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the weasel ran up away from danger. Then, somebody joked that only our first president could get him down from the what? This means that the answer must be something that our first president is known for. The only option that fits this description is (D) cherry tree. George Washington is famously known for chopping down a cherry tree and then admitting to it, saying \"I cannot tell a lie.\" Therefore, the correct answer is (D) cherry tree. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Paul wants carrots and doesn't need to drive anywhere. He gets them from where? Answer Choices: (A) refrigerator (B) store (C) farmer's market (D) supermarket (E) dryer\nA: Let's think step by step. First, Paul wants carrots. Where can he get carrots? He can get them from a store, farmer's market, or supermarket. But, he doesn't need to drive anywhere. So, he can't go to a store or supermarket. He can go to a farmer's market, but that might be too far to walk. So, the best option is to get them from his refrigerator. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) refrigerator. The answer is A.\n\nQ: His phone was dead and they couldn't find the expressway, he opened up the glove compartment and handed his passenger the what to navigate? Answer Choices: (A) eastern united states (B) michigan (C) map (D) choppers (E) american city\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The computer was difficult for he to understand at the store, so what did she sign up for to learn more? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) facebook (C) school (D) apartment (E) demonstration\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The computer was difficult for her to understand at the store. This means that she needed help understanding how to use the computer. So, what did she sign up for to learn more? She signed up for something that would help her learn how to use the computer. This could be a class, a tutorial, or a demonstration. Out of the answer choices, the most likely option is (A) classroom. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If a person is using a computer to talk to their granddaughter, what might the computer cause for them? Answer Choices: (A) program created (B) stress (C) happiness (D) ocean (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the person is using a computer to talk to their granddaughter. This means that they are using technology to communicate with their loved one, which can bring them happiness and joy. Next, the computer itself may cause some stress, especially if the person is not familiar with technology or if there are technical difficulties. However, the computer itself cannot cause an ocean or a headache. Therefore, the most likely answer is (C) happiness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The child pretended he was reading newspaper, he couldn't actually do it without what? Answer Choices: (A) patience (B) falling down (C) literacy (D) buying (E) knowing how to read\nA: Let's think step by step. The child pretended he was reading a newspaper. This means he was pretending to read. However, he couldn't actually do it. This means he wasn't actually reading. So, what does he need in order to actually read? He needs to know how to read. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) knowing how to read. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The town house went right to the curb, a slot effectively made a mailbox of the what? Answer Choices: (A) apartment building (B) front door (C) back door (D) street corner (E) porch\nA: Let's think step by step. The town house went right to the curb. This means that the town house is located right next to the curb, or the edge of the sidewalk. Now, the next part says \"a slot effectively made a mailbox.\" This means that there is a slot, or an opening, that is used as a mailbox. So, the slot is effectively made into a mailbox. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) apartment building - This doesn't make sense because the town house is not an apartment building. (B) front door - This doesn't make sense because the front door is usually located on the ground floor, not on the curb. (C) back door - This doesn't make sense because the back door is usually located at the back of the house, not on the curb. (D) street corner - This doesn't make sense because the town house is not located on a street corner. (E) porch - This doesn't make sense because the porch is usually located at the front or back of the house, not on the curb. So, the correct answer is (B) front door. The slot effectively made a mailbox out of the front door of the town house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The teacher played on the upright piano, she was explaining the song to all the students in the what? Answer Choices: (A) music room (B) bathroom (C) house (D) living room (E) music store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the teacher is playing on an upright piano. This suggests that she is in a room with a piano, so we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Next, she is explaining the song to all the students. This suggests that she is in a room with students, so we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with option A, the music room, as the most likely answer. The answer is A.\n\nQ: She wanted a kitten and puppy so why did she only get the puppy? Answer Choices: (A) one choice for pet (B) cute (C) kennel (D) soft (E) waxy\nA: Let's think step by step. The girl wanted a kitten and a puppy. This means she wanted two pets. However, she only got the puppy. This means she had to make a choice between the kitten and the puppy. So, the correct answer is (A) one choice for pet. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The merchant wanted to open in a high-traffic space, where did he rent space? Answer Choices: (A) mall (B) business (C) store (D) sale (E) sell goods\nA: Let's think step by step. The merchant wanted to open in a high-traffic space. This means that he wanted to open his business in a place where there are a lot of people passing by. So, where do you usually find a lot of people? In a mall! So, the answer is (A) mall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The computer was difficult for he to understand at the store, so what did she sign up for to learn more? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) facebook (C) school (D) apartment (E) demonstration\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What are candles good for eliminating? Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) board (C) church (D) table (E) dark\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. Candles are used for providing light, so they are good for eliminating darkness (E). They are also often used in religious ceremonies, so they can eliminate negative energy or bad spirits (C). They can also eliminate unpleasant odors, so they are good for eliminating bad smells on a shelf (A), a board (B), or a table (D). So, the best answer would be (E) dark. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room? Answer Choices: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase\nA: Let's think step by step. The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf. What is the purpose of removing the shelf? To make room. So, the shelf was removed to make room for the hardcovers. Now, where did he remove the shelf from? The options given are: (A) chest of drawers (B) grocery store (C) hold alcohol (D) nightstand (E) bookcase. Out of these options, which one do you think is most likely to have shelves? A bookcase, right? So, the answer is (E) bookcase. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a stove do to the place that it's in? Answer Choices: (A) cool house (B) warm room (C) gas or electric (D) burn child (E) brown meat\nA: Let's think step by step. A stove is a kitchen appliance that is used for cooking food. It can be powered by gas or electricity. When turned on, it produces heat that is used to cook food. So, the correct answer would be (B) warm room. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The poor girls needed a light to see, what was the relationship between that light and finishing her homework? Answer Choices: (A) darkness (B) cumbersome (C) obesity (D) forceful (E) crucial\nA: Let's think step by step. The poor girls needed a light to see. Why did they need a light? Because they couldn't see in the darkness. So, the answer is (A) darkness. Now, what was the relationship between that light and finishing her homework? The light was crucial in helping the girls finish their homework. So, the answer is (E) crucial. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you need to use a lantern? Answer Choices: (A) grocery store (B) antique shop (C) house (D) dark place (E) street\nA: Let's think step by step. A lantern is a portable light source that typically uses a fuel source, such as oil or gas, to produce light. It is often used in situations where there is no electricity or in areas with limited lighting. Based on this information, we can eliminate options A, B, and C as they are all places that typically have electricity and lighting. This leaves us with options D and E. A dark place, such as a cave or a basement, would require a lantern to provide light. However, a street may also require a lantern if there are no streetlights or if there is a power outage. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) dark place or (E) street. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If I have a modern light source in my living room, what is it likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) sky (B) house (C) lamp (D) match (E) candle\nA: Let's think step by step. A modern light source is likely to be something that produces light. The sky is not a man-made object and does not produce light, so we can eliminate option (A). A house is a building and does not produce light, so we can eliminate option (B). A match and a candle are both traditional sources of light, but they are not considered modern, so we can eliminate options (D) and (E). This leaves us with option (C), a lamp, which is a common modern light source found in living rooms. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) lamp. The answer is C.\n\nQ: I'm having some food at my party, what will I need to serve it? Answer Choices: (A) zoo (B) pan (C) bowl (D) kitchen (E) spoon\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you will need a place to prepare and cook the food, so you will need a kitchen. Next, you will need something to cook the food in, so you will need a pan. Once the food is cooked, you will need something to serve it in, so you will need a bowl. Finally, you will need utensils to eat the food with, so you will need spoons. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spoon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What are candles good for eliminating? Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) board (C) church (D) table (E) dark\nA: Let's think step by step. Candles are used for providing light, so they are good for eliminating darkness (E). They are also often used in religious ceremonies, so they can eliminate negative energy or bad spirits (C). They can also eliminate unpleasant odors, so they are good for eliminating bad smells on a shelf (A), a board (B), or a table (D). So, the best answer would be (E) dark. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What are candles good for eliminating? Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) board (C) church (D) table (E) dark\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: If there is a pond with trees around it, where it it likely located? Answer Choices: (A) ground (B) bathroom (C) forest (D) countryside (E) rural area\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we know that there is a pond with trees around it. This suggests that the location is a natural outdoor setting. Next, we can eliminate options (B) and (C) because they are not typically places where ponds are found. This leaves us with options (A), (D), and (E). While a pond with trees around it could potentially be found in a ground or countryside setting, the most likely answer is (E) rural area. This is because rural areas are known for their natural landscapes and are more likely to have ponds with trees around them. The answer is E.", "pred_ans": "E", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where do all animals live? Answer Choices: (A) the moon (B) fairgrounds (C) surface of earth (D) meadow (E) zoos\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options A and B because animals cannot live on the moon or at fairgrounds. Next, we can eliminate option E because not all animals live in zoos. This leaves us with options C and D. While some animals may live in meadows, not all animals do. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) surface of earth. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous and can lead to serious head and what? Answer Choices: (A) going somewhere (B) splats (C) cancer (D) getting wet (E) spinal injuries\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous. This means that there is a risk of harm or injury involved. Next, we know that this can lead to serious head and what? The word \"and\" suggests that the second thing is related to the first thing. So, we can infer that the second thing is also a type of harm or injury that can result from diving into backyard pools. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) going somewhere does not make sense in this context. (B) splats is not a type of harm or injury. (C) cancer is a serious health condition, but it is not directly related to diving into backyard pools. (D) getting wet is not a type of harm or injury. (E) spinal injuries, on the other hand, are a type of harm or injury that can result from diving into backyard pools. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) spinal injuries. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What is the main purpose of having a bath? Answer Choices: (A) cleanness (B) wetness (C) exfoliation (D) use water (E) hygiene\nA: Let's think step by step. What is the main purpose of having a bath? The main purpose of having a bath is to clean oneself. So, the correct answer is (A) cleanness. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The smelly man was having a bath, but what is he pursuing? Answer Choices: (A) hydration (B) being clear (C) personal cleanliness (D) will drown (E) use of water\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is having a bath, which means he is using water. The question asks what he is pursuing, which means what is his goal or intention. So, what is the purpose of using water in this situation? It is most likely for personal cleanliness, as taking a bath is a common way to clean oneself. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) personal cleanliness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What is a place that has a bench nestled in trees? Answer Choices: (A) state park (B) bus stop (C) bus depot (D) statue (E) train station\nA: Let's think step by step. A bench is usually a place for people to sit and rest. It is often found in parks, bus stops, and train stations. However, the word \"nestled\" suggests that the bench is hidden or surrounded by trees. This makes me think of a peaceful and secluded spot, which is more likely to be found in a state park rather than a busy bus depot or train station. Therefore, the best answer would be (A) state park. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Where is a broadcast studio likely to be heard? Answer Choices: (A) microphone (B) arena (C) radio station (D) trees (E) town\nA: Let's think step by step. A broadcast studio is a place where radio or television programs are produced and recorded. So, it is not likely to be heard in a microphone, arena, trees, or town. The correct answer is (C) radio station, as this is where the programs are broadcasted to be heard by the public. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would one find a snake in a cage? Answer Choices: (A) tropical forest (B) oregon (C) woods (D) pet store (E) louisiana\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the snake is in a cage, so it is not in the wild. This eliminates options A, B, and C. Next, we know that the snake is in a cage, so it is likely being kept as a pet. This leaves us with option D, pet store, as the most likely answer. Option E, Louisiana, is also a possible answer as there may be snakes in cages at a zoo or animal sanctuary in Louisiana. However, without more context, it is difficult to determine which answer is the most correct. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you borrow furniture if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) sewer (B) neighbor's house (C) apartment (D) room (E) floor\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to borrow furniture. So, you need to find someone who has furniture that you can borrow. You can't borrow furniture from a sewer or a floor, so we can eliminate those options. You also can't borrow furniture from an apartment or a room, because those are just places and not people. That leaves us with the option of borrowing furniture from a neighbor's house. So, the correct answer is (B) neighbor's house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If there is a pond with trees around it, where it it likely located? Answer Choices: (A) ground (B) bathroom (C) forest (D) countryside (E) rural area\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Reading newspaper one of many ways to practice your what? Answer Choices: (A) literacy (B) knowing how to read (C) money (D) buying (E) money bank\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": "Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what it means to practice something. Practicing means to do something repeatedly in order to improve or maintain a skill. So, what skill are we trying to improve or maintain by reading a newspaper? We are trying to improve our literacy, or ability to read and write. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) literacy. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why is it hard for a young child to read a long book? Answer Choices: (A) knowledge (B) cover (C) no pictures (D) past (E) many words\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what makes reading a long book difficult for a young child. Is it because they don't have enough knowledge? No, that can't be it. Children are constantly learning and absorbing new information. Is it because of the cover of the book? No, that doesn't make sense either. The cover of a book doesn't affect a child's ability to read it. Is it because there are no pictures? Yes, that could be a factor. Pictures can help young children understand and engage with the story. Is it because of the past? No, that doesn't seem relevant. Finally, is it because there are too many words? Yes, that is a likely reason. Young children may struggle with reading long books because they are still building their reading skills and may become overwhelmed by a large amount of text. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) many words. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What does a person from Avalon live in? Answer Choices: (A) pain (B) meaningful work (C) english house (D) cotton candy (E) headache\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that Avalon is a place. So, a person from Avalon would live in a place. Out of the answer choices, only (C) english house makes sense as a place to live in. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) english house. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What skill is needed for riding a bike? Answer Choices: (A) wheels (B) feet (C) pedalling (D) practice (E) good balance\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need a bike with wheels. Then, you need to use your feet to push off the ground and start moving. But what keeps the bike moving? That's right, pedalling! So, we can eliminate options A and B. Now, let's think about what helps you stay upright and not fall off the bike. That's where good balance comes in. And how do you get good balance? By practicing! So, the correct answer is (E) good balance. The answer is E.\n\nQ: If you're reading a newspaper from another country what are you doing? Answer Choices: (A) learning about world (B) education (C) get angry (D) concern (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a newspaper? A newspaper is a publication that contains news, articles, and advertisements. It is usually printed on large sheets of paper and distributed daily or weekly. Now, what does it mean to read a newspaper? Reading a newspaper means to look at the words and images on the paper and understand their meaning. So, if you're reading a newspaper from another country, you are looking at the words and images on the paper and trying to understand their meaning. This means that you are learning about the world. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) learning about the world. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The child pretended he was reading newspaper, he couldn't actually do it without what? Answer Choices: (A) patience (B) falling down (C) literacy (D) buying (E) knowing how to read\nA: Let's think step by step. The child pretended he was reading a newspaper. This means he was pretending to read. However, he couldn't actually do it. This means he wasn't actually reading. So, what does he need in order to actually read? He needs to know how to read. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) knowing how to read. The answer is E.\n\nQ: When a human is earning money, where are they often found? Answer Choices: (A) deep thought (B) park (C) friend's house (D) place of work (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. When a human is earning money, it means they are working. So, where do people usually work? The answer is (D) place of work. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Lawyers often talk in front of an audience where? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) courtroom (C) office building (D) press charges (E) theatre\nA: Let's think step by step. Lawyers are professionals who represent clients in court. So, where do lawyers usually work? They work in a courtroom. So, the answer is (B) courtroom. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where? Answer Choices: (A) eat cake (B) cookie (C) stock market (D) real estate (E) treasure chest\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the man came from old money and had a fortune. This means that he was already wealthy. Next, we know that he made new money. This means that he increased his wealth. How did he do this? By making shrewd trades. This means that he was smart and strategic in his business dealings. Now, we need to figure out where he made these trades. The answer choices are: (A) eat cake, (B) cookie, (C) stock market, (D) real estate, and (E) treasure chest. We can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they are not logical places to make trades. Option (E) is also unlikely because a treasure chest is not a common place for business transactions. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). The stock market is a common place for people to make trades and increase their wealth, so this is the most likely answer. Real estate is also a possibility, but it is less likely because it is not explicitly mentioned in the sentence. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) stock market. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Where would you put a dollar if you want to go to a store and buy something with it? Answer Choices: (A) cash drawer (B) teh bank (C) safety deposit box (D) pocket (E) piggy bank\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to take the dollar out of your pocket or piggy bank. Then, you would need to bring it with you to the store. Once you are at the store, you would give the dollar to the cashier in exchange for the item you want to buy. So, the correct answer would be (D) pocket. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Reading newspaper one of many ways to practice your what? Answer Choices: (A) literacy (B) knowing how to read (C) money (D) buying (E) money bank\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer Choices: (A) carved (B) melted (C) ice cream (D) antarctica (E) sculptured\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, ice is a solid form of water. When it is exposed to sunlight, it absorbs the heat and starts to warm up. As it warms up, it begins to melt and turn into liquid water. So, the correct answer is (B) melted. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do young boys do on the ice in the winter? Answer Choices: (A) ski (B) play hockey (C) summer (D) knit (E) warm\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what ice is. Ice is a solid form of water that is frozen at a temperature of 0 degrees Celsius or 32 degrees Fahrenheit. So, what do young boys do on the ice in the winter? They can't swim or go boating like they might do in the summer. They also can't knit or warm themselves up on the ice. That leaves us with two options: ski or play hockey. While skiing is a popular winter activity, it is more commonly associated with adults or families. Young boys are more likely to play hockey on the ice in the winter. So, the correct answer is (B) play hockey. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer Choices: (A) carved (B) melted (C) ice cream (D) antarctica (E) sculptured\nA: Let's think step by step. First, ice is a solid form of water. When it is exposed to sunlight, it absorbs the heat and starts to warm up. As it warms up, it begins to melt and turn into liquid water. So, the correct answer is (B) melted. The answer is B.\n\nQ: John knew that the sun produced a massive amount of energy in two forms.  If you were on the surface of the sun, what would kill you first? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) heat (C) life on earth (D) wrinkles (E) light\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the sun produces a massive amount of energy in two forms. These two forms are heat and light. So, we can eliminate options (A) ocean, (C) life on earth, and (D) wrinkles because they are not related to the energy produced by the sun. This leaves us with options (B) heat and (E) light. Now, if you were on the surface of the sun, you would be exposed to extreme heat and intense light. However, heat is a more immediate danger as it can cause severe burns and damage to your body. On the other hand, light may cause damage over time, but it would not kill you instantly. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) heat. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What kind of path do comets tend to have? Answer Choices: (A) ice (B) set orbits (C) universe (D) space (E) solid nucleus\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a comet? A comet is a small, icy object that orbits the sun. Next, what is a path? A path is the route or course that something follows. So, what kind of path do comets tend to have? Comets tend to have set orbits, meaning they follow a specific path around the sun. This is because they are affected by the gravitational pull of the sun and other planets, which keeps them in a relatively stable orbit. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) set orbits. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The water in clouds turn in to what when it gets cold? Answer Choices: (A) typhoon (B) snowflake (C) laddle (D) teardrops (E) sink\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the water in clouds is in the form of tiny droplets. When it gets cold, these droplets start to freeze and form ice crystals. These ice crystals then stick together and become heavier, eventually falling to the ground as snowflakes. So, the correct answer is (B) snowflake. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What do you do when you need to get food? Answer Choices: (A) table (B) disneyland (C) refrigerators (D) pantry (E) shop\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you would need to decide what food you want to get. Then, you would need to go to a place where you can find that food. This place could be a grocery store, a market, a restaurant, or even your own kitchen. Once you are at the place where the food is available, you can either buy it or prepare it yourself. So, the answer would be (E) shop. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer Choices: (A) carved (B) melted (C) ice cream (D) antarctica (E) sculptured\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: James loved to surf but he wasn't good at it. He would always do what? Answer Choices: (A) wipe out (B) enjoy yourself (C) start fighting (D) get wet (E) drown\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. James loves to surf, but he isn't good at it. This means that he often falls off his surfboard and into the water. So, what does he always do? He always wipes out. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) wipe out. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Why would you go to an office? Answer Choices: (A) work (B) school building (C) paper (D) city (E) habit\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is an office? An office is a place where people work. Next, what do people do at work? They do their job or work tasks. So, why would you go to an office? You would go to an office to work. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) work. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The landscaper was carefully arching stones together, he was creating an elaborate what over the creek? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) made from rocks (C) balloon (D) field (E) bridge\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the landscaper is arching stones together. This means that he is arranging the stones in a curved shape. Next, he is creating something over the creek. This means that he is building something that goes over the creek. So, the correct answer is (E) bridge. The landscaper is creating an elaborate bridge over the creek. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man started to learn jogging, what was he hoping to do? Answer Choices: (A) exhaustion (B) getting in shape (C) fitness (D) injure himself (E) fatigue\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the man started to learn jogging. This means he is trying to learn how to jog. Why would someone want to learn how to jog? Jogging is a form of exercise, so perhaps he wants to exercise. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) exhaustion and (E) fatigue both mean being very tired, so these are not the correct answers. (D) injure himself is the opposite of what someone would want to do when learning a new activity, so this is not the correct answer either. This leaves us with (B) getting in shape and (C) fitness. Both of these answers are related to improving one's physical health and well-being, which is a common reason for starting to jog. However, (B) getting in shape is a more specific and direct answer, so it is the best choice. Therefore, the man was hoping to get in shape by learning how to jog. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What might you need to do cleaning? Answer Choices: (A) sing a song (B) neatness (C) allergies (D) healthy living (E) using water\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to gather all the necessary cleaning supplies such as a broom, mop, vacuum, cleaning solutions, and rags. Then, you may need to put on gloves and a mask if you have allergies or want to protect your hands from harsh chemicals. Next, you may need to play some music or sing a song to make the cleaning process more enjoyable. You will also need to have a neat and organized space to work in. Finally, you will need to use water to clean surfaces and rinse off cleaning solutions. So, the correct answer would be (E) using water. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The smelly man was having a bath, but what is he pursuing? Answer Choices: (A) hydration (B) being clear (C) personal cleanliness (D) will drown (E) use of water\nA: Let's think step by step. The man is having a bath, which means he is using water. The question asks what he is pursuing, which means what is his goal or intention. So, what is the purpose of using water in this situation? It is most likely for personal cleanliness, as taking a bath is a common way to clean oneself. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) personal cleanliness. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Sean was leaving work and took the roadway that led to his what? Answer Choices: (A) neighborhood (B) city (C) fate (D) countryside (E) maps\nA: Let's think step by step. Sean was leaving work. So, he was at work. Then, he took the roadway. So, he was on the roadway. The roadway led to his...? The answer is (A) neighborhood. The answer is A.\n\nQ: In the building where James worked there was a small mezzanine in the auditorium to make more space for seats.  Where might James work? Answer Choices: (A) theater (B) floors (C) concert hall (D) education (E) school\nA: Let's think step by step. James works in a building. The building has an auditorium. In the auditorium, there is a small mezzanine. The purpose of the mezzanine is to make more space for seats. Based on this information, we can infer that James works in a place where there are performances or events that require an auditorium. This could be a theater, concert hall, or school. However, since the mezzanine was built to make more space for seats, it is more likely that James works in a theater or concert hall where there are larger audiences. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) theater or (C) concert hall. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A human wants to submerge himself in water, what should he use? Answer Choices: (A) whirlpool bath (B) coffee cup (C) cup (D) soft drink (E) puddle\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find something that can hold water. A whirlpool bath, cup, and soft drink can all hold water, but a coffee cup and puddle are too small. Next, we need to find something that a human can fit into. A whirlpool bath is the only option that is big enough for a human to submerge themselves in. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) whirlpool bath. The answer is A.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: James loved to surf but he wasn't good at it. He would always do what? Answer Choices: (A) wipe out (B) enjoy yourself (C) start fighting (D) get wet (E) drown\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: He was trying to procreate with many individuals, this led to a what? Answer Choices: (A) moaning (B) die (C) kiss (D) std (E) sanity\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. He was trying to procreate with many individuals. This means he was having sex with many people. What can happen when someone has sex with many people? They can contract a sexually transmitted disease (STD). So the correct answer is (D) std. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading? Answer Choices: (A) desk (B) meeting (C) office (D) table (E) work\nA: Let's think step by step. The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it. This means that he is bringing the paperwork to other people so that they can look at it and discuss it together. This sounds like a meeting, where people come together to discuss something. So, the correct answer is (B) meeting. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? Answer Choices: (A) serious (B) longplay (C) musical (D) eat cake (E) doing nothing\nA: Let's think step by step. Sarah didn't like to play. So, she didn't want to be sedentary and bored. So, she took up something. What did she take up? She took up something that would keep her from being sedentary and bored. So, she took up something that would keep her active and entertained. So, she took up something that would keep her from doing nothing. So, the answer is not (E) doing nothing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) serious doesn't make sense in this context. (B) longplay is not a common term and doesn't make sense in this context. (C) musical could be a possibility, but it doesn't necessarily keep her from being sedentary and bored. (D) eat cake is not a serious or active activity. So, the most logical answer is (C) musical. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Why do young people swallow semen ? Answer Choices: (A) you're into (B) prostitute (C) you're curious (D) curiosity (E) heterosexual woman in love\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand that not all young people swallow semen. It is a personal choice and not all young people engage in this behavior. So, the answer choices that mention \"you\" or \"you're\" are not accurate. Option B, \"prostitute,\" is also not accurate as it assumes that all young people who swallow semen are engaging in sex work, which is not true. Option E, \"heterosexual woman in love,\" is also not accurate as it assumes that only heterosexual women in love would engage in this behavior, which is not true. That leaves us with options C and D, \"you're curious\" and \"curiosity.\" These options are more accurate as they suggest that young people may be curious about their sexuality and may want to explore different sexual behaviors, including swallowing semen. However, it is important to note that this is not the only reason why young people may engage in this behavior. Some may also do it because they enjoy it or because their partner enjoys it. Ultimately, the reasons for why young people swallow semen vary and cannot be generalized. The answer is C.\n\nQ: He was trying to procreate with many individuals, this led to a what? Answer Choices: (A) moaning (B) die (C) kiss (D) std (E) sanity\nA: Let's think step by step. He was trying to procreate with many individuals. This means he was having sex with many people. What can happen when someone has sex with many people? They can contract a sexually transmitted disease (STD). So the correct answer is (D) std. The answer is D.\n\nQ: It was a long trip from the farm, so he stayed in a hotel when he arrived at the what? Answer Choices: (A) bed away from home (B) wwii bunker (C) resort (D) las vegas (E) city\nA: Let's think step by step. First, he was on a farm. Then, he took a trip. Finally, he arrived at a place where he stayed. What kind of place would he stay at after a long trip? A hotel! So, the correct answer is (E) city. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What could people do that involves talking? Answer Choices: (A) confession (B) state park (C) sing (D) carnival (E) opera\nA: Let's think step by step. First, let's eliminate the options that do not involve talking. Option (B) state park and option (D) carnival do not involve talking. Option (C) sing and option (E) opera involve singing, which is a form of vocalization but not necessarily talking. This leaves us with option (A) confession, which involves talking to a religious figure or authority figure about one's sins or wrongdoings. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) confession. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess? Answer Choices: (A) sailboat (B) desk (C) closet (D) table (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. He was a sloppy eater, so he left a mess. Where did he leave a mess? He left a mess on the table. So, the correct answer is (D) table. The answer is D.\n\nQ: He was trying to procreate with many individuals, this led to a what? Answer Choices: (A) moaning (B) die (C) kiss (D) std (E) sanity\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Jan tested the current, and noticed that it was high.  He thought that the wires might have too much what? Answer Choices: (A) later (B) updated (C) still (D) resistance (E) now\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": "1. Jan tested the current. 2. He noticed that it was high. 3. He thought that the wires might have too much resistance. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) resistance. The answer is D.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: If you're seeking a connection for your laptop, what are you trying to hook up with? Answer Choices: (A) computer network (B) electrical circuit (C) lineage (D) company (E) wall\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you're seeking a connection. What do you need a connection for? You need a connection to access the internet. So, what do you need to connect to the internet? You need a computer network. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) computer network. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The low trickle of water revealed a stone, where was the stone found? Answer Choices: (A) ocean (B) gallbladder (C) driveway (D) river bed (E) creek bed\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the low trickle of water revealed a stone. This means that the stone was hidden or covered by the water. Next, we know that the water was a low trickle, which means it was a small amount of water. This tells us that the stone was not in a large body of water, like an ocean or a river. Instead, it was likely in a smaller body of water, like a creek or a stream. Finally, we know that the stone was revealed, or uncovered, by the water. This means that the stone was likely at the bottom of the water, and the water had to move or flow in order to reveal it. Based on all of this information, the best answer is (E) creek bed. The answer is E.\n\nQ: After working on the car, what did it end up doing? Answer Choices: (A) going too fast (B) last several years (C) honk the horn (D) go fast (E) start running\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to figure out what the car was doing before it was worked on. The passage doesn't mention anything about the car's condition before it was worked on, so we can't assume anything. Next, we need to think about what the car was worked on for. The passage doesn't mention anything about the car being worked on to make it go faster, so we can eliminate answer choices (A) and (D). The passage also doesn't mention anything about the car being worked on to make it last longer, so we can eliminate answer choice (B). The passage also doesn't mention anything about the car's horn, so we can eliminate answer choice (C). That leaves us with answer choice (E), which says the car started running. This makes sense because if the car wasn't running before it was worked on, then the goal of working on it would be to make it start running again. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) start running. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What do people do when networking? Answer Choices: (A) build trust (B) hurry home (C) ignore people (D) believe in god (E) jump to conclusions\nA: Let's think step by step. When people are networking, they are typically trying to make connections and build relationships with others. This involves actively engaging with others, listening to their stories and experiences, and sharing their own. So, the answer is (A) build trust. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Jan tested the current, and noticed that it was high.  He thought that the wires might have too much what? Answer Choices: (A) later (B) updated (C) still (D) resistance (E) now\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Jan tested the current. 2. He noticed that it was high. 3. He thought that the wires might have too much resistance. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) resistance. The answer is D.\n\nQ: There was more than one bum asking for change or a ticket, it was the cheapest way to travel so it was no surprise sight at the what? Answer Choices: (A) train station (B) beach (C) bus depot (D) bridge (E) stumblebum\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The sentence mentions \"the cheapest way to travel,\" which suggests that the location is a transportation hub. 2. The sentence also mentions \"asking for change or a ticket,\" which suggests that the location is a place where people can buy tickets or board a mode of transportation. 3. The sentence mentions \"more than one bum,\" which suggests that the location is a public place where people can gather. 4. Putting all of these clues together, the most likely answer is (C) bus depot. This is a place where people can buy bus tickets and board buses, it is a transportation hub, and it is a public place where people can gather. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Why did the heavy metal band need electricity at the stadium? Answer Choices: (A) concert (B) bedroom (C) make person sick (D) building (E) church\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the heavy metal band is performing at a stadium. This means that they are most likely having a concert. So, the answer is (A) concert. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Metal is taken from what which is pulled from the ground? Answer Choices: (A) dirt (B) instruments (C) ore (D) car (E) junkyard\nA: Let's think step by step. Metal is taken from what? It is taken from the ground. What is in the ground? Dirt, instruments, ore, cars, and junkyards are all found in the ground, but only one of these options is a source of metal. Do you know which one? It is ore. Ore is a type of rock that contains metal. So, the correct answer is (C) ore. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures, what was he looking for? Answer Choices: (A) checkers (B) barrels (C) baking soda (D) buffalo (E) salt\nA: Let's think step by step. The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures. This means that the pioneer needed something to store items in. Now, let's look at the answer choices. Checkers, baking soda, and buffalo are all items that would not be used for storage. This leaves us with barrels and salt. Barrels are commonly used for storage, so this is the most likely answer. Salt can also be used for storage, but it is not typically referred to as a \"storage measure.\" Therefore, the correct answer is (B) barrels. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Jan tested the current, and noticed that it was high.  He thought that the wires might have too much what? Answer Choices: (A) later (B) updated (C) still (D) resistance (E) now\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: What is the thing that is agitated in your head when kissing? Answer Choices: (A) sexual stimulation (B) herpes (C) headache (D) catch cold (E) happiness\nA:", "gold_ans": "E", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about something that is agitated in your head when kissing. This means that it is something that is affected or disturbed by the act of kissing. Next, we can eliminate options (B) herpes and (D) catch cold because they are not related to the act of kissing. Option (C) headache could potentially be caused by kissing, but it is not the thing that is agitated. This leaves us with options (A) sexual stimulation and (E) happiness. While both of these options could be affected by kissing, the most likely answer is (A) sexual stimulation, as it is a physical response to the act of kissing. The answer is A.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: Where is hard to read note likely to be? Answer Choices: (A) fridge (B) sheet music (C) desk (D) bed (E) medical chart\nA: Let's think step by step. A hard to read note is likely to be in a place where it is not easily accessible or visible. It could also be in a place where it is not meant to be read by others. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (E) medical chart. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What blocks sunshine? Answer Choices: (A) summer (B) park (C) desktop (D) sea (E) moon\nA: Let's think step by step. Sunshine is a type of light that comes from the sun. So, what can block light? A park, a desktop, and the sea cannot block light. A park is an open space, a desktop is a piece of furniture, and the sea is a large body of water. Summer is a season, so it cannot block light either. The moon, however, can block light. During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks the light from the sun. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) moon. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How might releasing energy that has built up feel? Answer Choices: (A) damage (B) wonderful (C) exhaustion (D) orgasm (E) lazy\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that energy has built up. This means that there is a lot of energy that has been stored or accumulated. Next, we know that this energy is being released. This means that the energy is being let go or set free. So, how might releasing this energy feel? It could feel wonderful, as the person may feel a sense of relief or release. It could also feel like an orgasm, as the release of energy can be pleasurable. However, it could also feel like exhaustion, as the body may have been holding onto this energy for a long time and now needs to rest. It could also feel lazy, as the person may feel a sense of relaxation or lethargy after expending this energy. It is unlikely to feel like damage, as releasing energy is typically a natural and healthy process. So, the best answer choices would be (B) wonderful, (D) orgasm, (C) exhaustion, or (E) lazy. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Kissing is normally an activity reserved for your romantic what? Answer Choices: (A) anus (B) partner (C) arousal (D) trust (E) cooperation\nA: Let's think step by step. Kissing is an activity. It is reserved for someone. It is reserved for someone who is romantic. So, kissing is normally an activity reserved for your romantic partner. The answer is B.\n\nQ: The newlyweds began copulating their marriage, they wanted many what? Answer Choices: (A) babies (B) odors (C) sadness (D) rapport (E) ejaculation\nA: Let's think step by step. The newlyweds began copulating their marriage. This means that they started having sex after getting married. So, what do newlyweds usually want after getting married? They usually want to start a family and have children. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) babies. The answer is A.\n\nQ: When a main artery is used to expedite travel what would it be referred to as? Answer Choices: (A) neck (B) busy city (C) own brain (D) thruway (E) food\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The question is asking for a term that refers to a main artery used for travel. 2. The term \"artery\" is often used to describe a major road or highway that connects different areas. 3. The word \"expedite\" means to make something happen faster or more efficiently. 4. Putting these together, the answer would be (D) thruway, as it is a term commonly used to describe a major highway or road that allows for faster travel between different areas. The answer is D.\n\nQ: If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience? Answer Choices: (A) park (B) insight (C) being entertained (D) laughter (E) fear\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking about a comedy film. So, we can eliminate answer choices (A) park, (B) insight, and (E) fear because they are not related to comedy. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (C) being entertained because it is too general and could apply to any type of film. This leaves us with answer choice (D) laughter, which is the correct answer. When watching a comedy film, it is expected that the audience will laugh at the funny moments in the film. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What is a treat that you dog will enjoy? Answer Choices: (A) salad (B) petted (C) affection (D) bone (E) lots of attention\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the question is asking for a treat that a dog will enjoy. So, we can eliminate options (A) salad and (B) petted because they are not typically considered treats for dogs. Next, we can eliminate option (C) affection because while dogs do enjoy affection, it is not typically considered a treat. This leaves us with options (D) bone and (E) lots of attention. Both of these options could be considered treats for dogs, but option (D) bone is a more specific and common treat for dogs. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) bone. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you get a toothpick if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) box (B) grocery store (C) eyes (D) chewing (E) mouth\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to find a place where toothpicks are commonly found. A box could potentially contain toothpicks, but it depends on what type of box it is. A grocery store is a more likely place to find toothpicks, as they are often sold in the household goods section. Eyes and chewing are not logical options for obtaining a toothpick. The mouth could potentially be used to hold a toothpick, but it is not a place to get one. Therefore, the best answer is (B) grocery store. The answer is B.\n\nQ: What is the thing that is agitated in your head when kissing? Answer Choices: (A) sexual stimulation (B) herpes (C) headache (D) catch cold (E) happiness\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what \"current events\" means. Current events refer to recent and important occurrences or developments happening in the world. Next, we need to think about what print items are. Print items are physical materials that contain printed information, such as books, magazines, newspapers, etc. Now, we can eliminate options (A), (B), (D), and (E) as they do not relate to print items. This leaves us with option (C) - read newspapers. Newspapers are a common source of information for current events. They contain articles and reports about what is happening in the world, making them a reliable source for learning about current events. Therefore, the correct answer is (C) read newspapers. The answer is C.\n\nQ: From where do aliens arrive? Answer Choices: (A) outer space (B) weekly world news (C) roswell (D) universe (E) mars\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that aliens are beings from other planets. This means that they do not come from Earth. So, we can eliminate options B and C, as they are related to Earth. Next, we know that outer space is a vast expanse that includes all of the planets, stars, and galaxies. So, it is possible that aliens could come from outer space. However, the universe is even larger than outer space, as it includes everything in existence. So, it is also possible that aliens could come from the universe. Lastly, Mars is a planet in our solar system, so it is a part of outer space. Therefore, the most accurate answer would be A) outer space or D) universe. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Children's behavior is a direct reflection of their what? Answer Choices: (A) parents (B) old people (C) play ball (D) many adults (E) grown ups\nA: Let's think step by step. Children's behavior is a direct reflection of their parents. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If you're reading a newspaper from another country what are you doing? Answer Choices: (A) learning about world (B) education (C) get angry (D) concern (E) eat cake\nA: Let's think step by step. First, what is a newspaper? A newspaper is a publication that contains news, articles, and advertisements. It is usually printed on large sheets of paper and distributed daily or weekly. Now, what does it mean to read a newspaper? Reading a newspaper means to look at the words and images on the paper and understand their meaning. So, if you're reading a newspaper from another country, you are looking at the words and images on the paper and trying to understand their meaning. This means that you are learning about the world. Therefore, the correct answer is (A) learning about the world. The answer is A.\n\nQ: If someone rules the universe of what are they in charge? Answer Choices: (A) classroom (B) football game (C) everything (D) text book (E) lawbook\nA: Let's think step by step. If someone rules the universe, they are in charge of everything in the universe. So, the correct answer is (C) everything. The answer is C.\n\nQ: If a house has a subscription, what likely shows up in the driveway every morning? Answer Choices: (A) subdivision (B) newspaper (C) street (D) laundry mat (E) surface of earth\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. The question mentions a house with a subscription. This means that the house has signed up for a regular delivery or service. 2. The question also mentions something showing up in the driveway every morning. This means that the delivery or service is happening on a daily basis. 3. Based on these clues, the most likely answer is (B) newspaper. Many people have newspaper subscriptions and receive a daily newspaper delivery to their driveway. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction? Answer Choices: (A) supermarket (B) bar (C) pub (D) restaurants (E) chemistry lab\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Lighting alcohol on fire is a scientific experiment, so it would most likely be done in a controlled environment such as a laboratory. 2. Supermarkets, bars, pubs, and restaurants are not typically equipped with the necessary equipment and safety measures for conducting scientific experiments. 3. Therefore, the most appropriate answer would be (E) chemistry lab. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What happens to a dog before someone puts up posters of them? Answer Choices: (A) get lost (B) require water (C) trained (D) bark (E) roll over\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the dog would have to get lost in order for someone to put up posters of them. So the correct answer is (A) get lost. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Bill puts meat on the scale, where does Bill work? Answer Choices: (A) music store (B) assay office (C) tidal wave (D) butcher shop (E) bathroom\nA: Let's think step by step. First, Bill puts meat on the scale. This means that Bill is handling meat, which is a type of food. Next, we need to think about where someone would handle and sell food. A music store, assay office, tidal wave, and bathroom are all unlikely places for someone to handle and sell food. However, a butcher shop is a place where people work with and sell meat. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) butcher shop. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Human beings learn about current events from what print item? Answer Choices: (A) question authority (B) melt (C) read newspapers (D) act (E) dictionary\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: The teens were trying to hide that they get drink, but when they walked in the door their what gave it away? Answer Choices: (A) health (B) fall down (C) stagger (D) get arrested (E) vomit\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. The teens were trying to hide that they get drink. So, they were trying to hide that they were drinking alcohol. But, when they walked in the door, something gave it away. This means that something revealed or exposed the fact that they were drinking. So, what could have revealed this? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) health doesn't make sense because it doesn't reveal anything about drinking. (B) fall down could be a sign of being drunk, but it doesn't necessarily reveal that they were drinking. (C) stagger means to walk unsteadily, which could be a sign of being drunk. This could be a possible answer. (D) get arrested doesn't make sense because it's not something that would happen immediately upon walking in the door. (E) vomit is a clear sign of being drunk, so this could also be a possible answer. So, the answer could be either (C) stagger or (E) vomit. The answer is C.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it? Answer Choices: (A) desk drawer (B) cabinet (C) purse (D) classroom (E) pocket\nA: Let's think step by step. The student is walking, so they are most likely not in a classroom or at a desk. They also probably don't have a purse with them, as they are referred to as a \"student\" and not a \"person\" or \"individual.\" This leaves us with two options: a cabinet or a pocket. Since the student is walking, it is more likely that they would put their writing instrument in their pocket for easy access. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) pocket. The answer is E.\n\nQ: The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what? Answer Choices: (A) swarm (B) pack (C) countryside (D) soft drink (E) field of flowers\nA: Let's think step by step. The man working in the attic swatted away a bee. This means that there was one bee bothering him. But then, something happened. What happened? The single bee became an entire what? The word \"swarm\" means a large group of insects, especially bees, flying together. So, the correct answer is (A) swarm. The answer is A.\n\nQ: A child wants to play, what would they likely want? Answer Choices: (A) fall down (B) breathe (C) play tag (D) be dismembered by a chainsaw (E) become adult\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we can eliminate options B and E because they are not related to playing. Next, we can eliminate option D because it is violent and not a typical desire for a child. This leaves us with options A and C. While children may enjoy falling down, it is not typically something they actively seek out. Therefore, the most likely answer is C) play tag. The answer is C.\n\nQ: The lady would eat and eat, and because of mental issues would then make herself what? Answer Choices: (A) wash dishes (B) throwing up (C) drinking (D) throw up (E) turn inside out\nA: Let's think step by step. The lady would eat and eat, and because of mental issues would then make herself... what? The lady would eat and eat, so she would be full. But because of her mental issues, she would then make herself... what? She would make herself do something that would help her feel better. So, what could she do to feel better after eating too much? She could make herself throw up. This is a common behavior in people with eating disorders. So, the correct answer is (D) throw up. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The teens were trying to hide that they get drink, but when they walked in the door their what gave it away? Answer Choices: (A) health (B) fall down (C) stagger (D) get arrested (E) vomit\nA: Let's think step by step. The teens were trying to hide that they get drink. So, they were trying to hide that they were drinking alcohol. But, when they walked in the door, something gave it away. This means that something revealed or exposed the fact that they were drinking. So, what could have revealed this? Let's look at the answer choices. (A) health doesn't make sense because it doesn't reveal anything about drinking. (B) fall down could be a sign of being drunk, but it doesn't necessarily reveal that they were drinking. (C) stagger means to walk unsteadily, which could be a sign of being drunk. This could be a possible answer. (D) get arrested doesn't make sense because it's not something that would happen immediately upon walking in the door. (E) vomit is a clear sign of being drunk, so this could also be a possible answer. So, the answer could be either (C) stagger or (E) vomit. The answer is C.\n\nQ: Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work, but once he got to his destination he balled it up and put it somewhere. Where did it put it? Answer Choices: (A) trash (B) floor (C) subway (D) ground (E) lawn\nA: Let's think step by step. 1. Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work. This means that he was holding the newspaper in his hands while he was on his way to work. 2. Once he got to his destination, he balled it up. This means that he crumpled the newspaper into a ball. 3. Finally, he put it somewhere. This means that he placed the balled up newspaper in a specific location. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The teacher played on the upright piano, she was explaining the song to all the students in the what? Answer Choices: (A) music room (B) bathroom (C) house (D) living room (E) music store\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the teacher is playing on an upright piano. This suggests that she is in a room with a piano, so we can eliminate options B, C, and E. Next, she is explaining the song to all the students. This suggests that she is in a room with students, so we can eliminate option D. This leaves us with option A, the music room, as the most likely answer. The answer is A.\n\nQ: Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? Answer Choices: (A) eyes (B) animal (C) fingertips (D) brainstem (E) human body\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that something broke into the garbage last night. This means that it was an event that happened in the past. Next, we know that this \"something\" had the nerve to do it. This means that it was bold or daring enough to do it. So, we can eliminate options (A) eyes, (C) fingertips, and (D) brainstem because they are not capable of being bold or daring. This leaves us with options (B) animal and (E) human body. Since the question mentions garbage, it is more likely that an animal, such as a raccoon or a stray dog, broke into the garbage. Therefore, the correct answer is (B) animal. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?. Answer Choices: (A) shelf (B) soccer game (C) keg (D) can (E) refrigerator\nA: Let's think step by step. Batman bought beer. So, he went to a store or a bar to buy beer. Then, we are told that there were no bottles available. This means that the store or bar did not have any bottles of beer for Batman to buy. So, he had to settle for something else. Out of the answer choices, the only one that makes sense is (D) can. This is because a can is another type of container for beer, similar to a bottle. The other answer choices do not make sense in this context. (A) shelf is a place where items are stored, not a type of container for beer. (B) soccer game is an event, not a type of container for beer. (C) keg is a large barrel used to store and dispense beer, not a type of container for beer. (E) refrigerator is a household appliance used to keep food and drinks cold, not a type of container for beer. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) can. The answer is D.\n\nQ: The teens were trying to hide that they get drink, but when they walked in the door their what gave it away? Answer Choices: (A) health (B) fall down (C) stagger (D) get arrested (E) vomit\nA: "}
{"question": "Q: Humans need shelter to survive.  They usually find shelter where? Answer Choices: (A) underpass (B) homes (C) workplace (D) school (E) space shuttle\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " Let's think step by step. First, we know that humans need shelter to survive. This means that they need a place to live and protect themselves from the elements. Next, we can eliminate options (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where people live. Option (A) is a possibility, but it is not a permanent or ideal solution for shelter. This leaves us with option (B), homes, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: Where does a child likely sit at a desk? Answer Choices: (A) furniture store (B) schoolroom (C) patio (D) office building (E) library\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that a child is likely to sit at a desk. This means that the location must be a place where there are desks. Next, we can eliminate options (A), (C), (D), and (E) because they are not typically places where desks are found. This leaves us with option (B), schoolroom, as the most likely answer. The answer is B.\n\nQ: If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time? Answer Choices: (A) shelter (B) floor (C) warm place (D) farmhouse (E) living room\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the kitten's mother is a mouser, meaning she is good at catching mice. Next, we know that the kitten is going to grow up to be a mouser like its mother. So, where would the kitten need to spend most of its time in order to learn how to be a good mouser? The best answer would be (D) farmhouse, as this is where the mother would most likely be catching mice and the kitten could observe and learn from her. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What to kids do for boredom on a ramp? Answer Choices: (A) watch film (B) fire game (C) hang out at bar (D) go skiing (E) skateboard\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a ramp is. A ramp is a sloping surface that connects two different levels. It is often used for activities such as skateboarding, biking, or skiing. Now, let's look at the answer choices. (A) Watching a film would not be possible on a ramp as it is not a suitable surface for a screen. (B) Playing a fire game on a ramp would be dangerous and not recommended. (C) Hanging out at a bar would not be appropriate for kids. (D) Going skiing on a ramp is a possibility, but it would require special equipment and skills. (E) Skateboarding is a popular activity on ramps and would be a suitable answer for what kids can do for boredom on a ramp. Therefore, the correct answer is (E) skateboard. The answer is E.\n\nQ: How are the conditions for someone who is living in a homeless shelter? Answer Choices: (A) sometimes bad (B) happy (C) respiration (D) growing older (E) death\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the person is living in a homeless shelter, which means they do not have a permanent home. This can be a difficult and uncertain situation, so we can eliminate answer choices (B) happy and (D) growing older. Next, we can eliminate answer choice (E) death because the person is still alive and living in a shelter. This leaves us with answer choices (A) sometimes bad and (C) respiration. While we cannot definitively say that the conditions are always bad, we can assume that they are not ideal and may be difficult at times. Therefore, the best answer choice is (A) sometimes bad. Answer choice (C) respiration does not make sense in this context and can be eliminated. The answer is A.\n\nQ: The kids didn't clean up after they had done what? Answer Choices: (A) learn things (B) play games (C) disneyland (D) play with toys (E) talking\nA: Let's think step by step. First, the kids did something. Then, they didn't clean up. So, what could they have done that would require cleaning up afterwards? The answer is (D) play with toys. The answer is D.\n\nQ: Where would you have a stove if you don't live in a detached dwelling? Answer Choices: (A) tent (B) car (C) living room (D) friend's house (E) apartment\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we need to understand what a stove is. A stove is a kitchen appliance used for cooking food. It usually consists of an oven and burners on top for cooking on pots and pans. Now, let's look at the answer choices. A tent is not a suitable place for a stove as it is a temporary shelter and does not have a proper kitchen setup. A car is also not a suitable place for a stove as it is a small and confined space. A living room is a common area in a house, but it is not a suitable place for a stove as it is not a designated kitchen area. A friend's house could be a possibility, but it would depend on whether they have a stove and if they are willing to let you use it. The most suitable answer would be an apartment. An apartment is a type of housing that is attached to other units and typically has a designated kitchen area with a stove. Therefore, if you don't live in a detached dwelling, you would most likely have a stove in your apartment. The answer is E.\n\nQ: What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area? Answer Choices: (A) motel (B) chair (C) hospital (D) people (E) hotels\nA: Let's think step by step. When you're in a reception area, you are typically waiting for something or someone. So, we can eliminate options (A), (B), and (E) because they are objects, not people. This leaves us with options (C) and (D). A reception area in a hospital is typically where patients and visitors wait, so it is likely that there will be people waiting alongside you. Therefore, the correct answer is (D) people. The answer is D.\n\nQ: What would you be building if you designed a place for an annoying critter to stay? Answer Choices: (A) spread disease (B) swamp (C) fly away (D) cat condo (E) bug campers\nA: Let's think step by step. First, we know that the place is for an annoying critter to stay. This means that the place should be designed to keep the critter contained and prevent it from bothering others. Next, we can eliminate options (A) and (B) because they do not fit this purpose. Option (C) does not make sense in this context. Option (D) could work, but it seems more like a place for a pet cat to stay rather than an annoying critter. This leaves us with option (E), bug campers. This could be a suitable option because it implies a small, contained space for the critter to stay in, while also acknowledging that it is a temporary residence. Therefore, the answer is (E) bug campers. The answer is E.\n\nQ: Where would you borrow furniture if you do not have any? Answer Choices: (A) sewer (B) neighbor's house (C) apartment (D) room (E) floor\nA: Let's think step by step. First, you need to borrow furniture. So, you need to find someone who has furniture that you can borrow. You can't borrow furniture from a sewer or a floor, so we can eliminate those options. You also can't borrow furniture from an apartment or a room, because those are just places and not people. That leaves us with the option of borrowing furniture from a neighbor's house. So, the correct answer is (B) neighbor's house. The answer is B.\n\nQ: Humans need shelter to survive.  They usually find shelter where? Answer Choices: (A) underpass (B) homes (C) workplace (D) school (E) space shuttle\nA: "}
